"Heaven" is a song by John Legend from the album, "Once Again" (2006). It was written and produced by himself and musician Kanye West and released as the album's second single in fall 2006. The remix of the song, released to the iTunes Store in February 2007, features Pusha T. A special EP also features the a cappella version of the remix, the album version and the instrumental of "Heaven".
A moderate commercial success, "Heaven" reached number 26 on "Billboard"s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs in the United States, but failed to enter the "Billboard" Hot 100. Released to critical success however, it won Legend his second consecutive Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance at the 49th award ceremony. The song produced two music videos, the first one featuring women posed as various Renaissance era paintings. The second one features more John Legend himself and less posture women. Both videos were shot at Highclere Castle in the UK and was directed by Hype Williams.

Patrick Colleter (born 6 November 1965) is a former French professional football player.
Colleter begin his football career with his local team Brest in 1986. After some impressive performances, Colleter was rewarded with a call-up to the French B national team, and a transfer to Montpellier in 1990. After one season at the southern club he spent five seasons at Paris Saint-Germain, where he won the French League Championship in 1994, the French Cup in 1993 and 1995 and the French League Cup in 1995 as well as the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1996. In 1996, he left Paris to enjoy single-season spells at Bordeaux and Olympique de Marseille.
In December 1998, he was signed by Southampton for £300,000. He made his debut at left-back on 26 December 1998 at home to Chelsea taking the place of the Saints' long-established left-back Francis Benali. He scored one goal for the club, a long-range strike in a 3-1 victory at home to Charlton Athletic on 9 January 1999.
He was a fiery but capable full-back, but his career at Southampton suffered following Dave Jones' replacement as manager by Glenn Hoddle. Hoddle was not keen on the Gallic method of defending and Colleter was left to grow frustrated in the reserves. Colleter eventually left Southampton in November 2000 he moved back to French football with Cannes. In all he played 26 games for Southampton, scoring once.
After two seasons at Cannes, Colleter left in December 2002 to play for Saint-Médard-en-Jalles before becoming a coach at Bordeaux.

The Yarra River is a river in southern Victoria, Australia; which flows though the city of Melbourne. Over the river's length there are many structures that bridge the river.
The following is a partial list of structures that fully span the Yarra River in order of closest to the mouth of the river in Hobsons Bay.

Library damage resulting from the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake has been reported in six Asian countries. On December 26, the massive 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake struck off the northwest coast of the Indonesian island of Sumatra. The resulting tsunamis killed more than 180,000 people. In addition to the loss of human lives, cultural institutions were destroyed in several Asian nations. Libraries on the Eastern coast of Sri Lanka and the northern province of Aceh on Sumatra were most severely affected by the disaster.
Damage to libraries in India has not been well documented. Water damage was reported at Madras University Library in Chennai. The Asian Development Bank reports extensive damage to schools in the Indian states of Kerala and Tamil Nadu. A government assessment found that 252 schools in Tamil Nadu need complete reconstruction, 19 need major repairs and 49 need minor repairs.
In the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, 78 teachers are listed as killed or missing. Further, 25 percent of primary schools, 33 percent of upper primary schools, and 31 percent of senior secondary schools were seriously damaged, indicating that school libraries in the region also suffered damage.
The Sumatran province of Aceh was severely damaged by the earthquake and resulting tsunami. An estimated 167,736 Indonesians were killed and 25% of Achenese lost their source of livelihood. Banda Aceh, Aceh's capital, was the closest major city to the earthquake's epicenter, and many of its major libraries suffered extensive damage.
The Aceh Provincial Library (BPD) was inundated with three meters of water. Twenty three staff members were killed, including the library's director, Bachtiar Azis, who is listed as missing along with his family. In addition to loss of life, the BPD suffered physical damage and a near total loss of its collection. Concrete and steel fences surrounding the two-story building were mostly destroyed, however, the building itself remained standing. All library materials housed on the first floor were swept away by the waves and the floor was covered in 30 cm.-thick mud. These lost materials comprise most of its children, young adult and adult collections. The water did not reach the second floor, but looting resulted in the loss of most materials and equipment. A collection of books received under legal deposit and housed on the second floor was left undisturbed and survived the disaster and looting intact. Despite these losses, the BPD reopened to the public in May 2005. As of August 2005, repairs were still being made to the building, the library lacked computers for its "warintek" (information technology section), and most areas of the library needed furnishing and collection replacement.
Of Aceh's eight public libraries, two were completely destroyed. These libraries were located in the hard-hit cities of Meulaboh and Sigli.
Mobile library units, or "perpustakaan keliling", are used to serve rural areas of Aceh. Days before the earthquake and tsunami, the BPD had received two newly built mobile library units from the National Library of Indonesia. Both of these were destroyed along with the rest of the mobile libraries parked on the BPD's carport. In July 2005, the National Library donated two replacement mobile units, however the new BPD director noted that further units were needed to adequately serve outlying regions of the province.
The Aceh Documentation and Information Center, known for its collection of rare books and manuscripts chronicling the heritage of Aceh, was completely destroyed. Only half of the building remained standing, and the entire collection was swept away. A team from the National Library of Indonesia visiting in January 2005 was able to salvage only three books and one sheet of the genealogy of the Muslim kings of Aceh. These were taken to Jakarta for restoration.
The Provincial Archives Agency lost 80 percent of the photographs in its collection. The Secretariat Office of the Aceh Province lost 160 boxes of records.
The Aceh branch of the National Land Register Agency was inundated with water. Roughly 629 boxes of materials certifying individual land ownership in the province were damaged. Due to the efforts of a team of conservators from Japan and archivists from the National Archives in Jakarta, many of these land register documents were preserved.
Damage to school libraries has not been well documented. The Indonesia National Library reports that SMA 1, a high school in Banda Aceh, was not damaged by flood waters as it is located on the second floor, however, did experience some earthquake damage. Overall, 2,364 teachers and staff members were killed and 2,240 schools were destroyed on Sumatra and its outlying islands.
The Central Library at the Ar-Raniri Institute for Islamic Studies, a public Islamic University in Banda Aceh, lost its information servers due to theft and seawater damage.
Baiturrahman Grand Mosque Library in Banda Aceh lost its entire collection. Due to the mosque's central location and importance to the community, a concerted effort was made to clear and repair this complex of buildings immediately after the tsunami. As of August 2005 the library had reopened with 1,200 books in its collection.
The library of the Agricultural Information Institute of Banda Aceh was inundated with water from the tsunami but its physical structure remained intact.
The Library and Museum of the Ali Hasymy Educational Foundation survived intact as the tsunami did not reach this area of Banda Aceh.
According to a Malaysian professor of library science, damage to libraries was minimal in Malaysia.
All of the 199 inhabited islands comprising the Maldives atolls were affected by the tsunami. The Maldives Library Association was not able to survey all public libraries across the atoll, however, a representative indicated some libraries were completely destroyed.
Forty-six percent of schools in the Maldives were damaged, and nine schools were completely destroyed.
Damage to libraries in Thailand has not been well documented. The Ministry of Education has reported that five schools were completely destroyed and 51 schools were damaged.
More than 35,000 Sri Lankans were killed and 516,000 people were displaced as a result of the tsunami. Roughly 60 percent of the coastal area of Sri Lanka was severely affected by the tsunami. Libraries across the country were damaged, and it is estimated that 1.2 million volumes of books and other reading materials were destroyed in the disaster. Out of the 950 public libraries in Sri Lanka, 55 libraries were affected and 28 were completely destroyed. Several libraries were used as refuge centres or hospitals in the aftermath of the tsunami, and surviving furniture and collections suffered as a result.
One estimate of damage to school libraries in Sri Lanka indicates that of the 9,790 schools in the country, 182 schools were directly affected by the tsunami and an additional 282 schools were damaged because of their use as refugee camps after the tsunami. While not all of these schools had a full-fledged library, most had a book closet or other collection of materials. At least 165 school libraries were damaged by the tsunami. Compounding the damage, many schools had large collection of textbooks on hand for distribution to students at the beginning of the school year in January. Damage reports range from furniture damage to lost collections to complete destruction of the physical building...
Sri Lankan government departments lost public records to the tsunami. In the Southern province, all electoral registers were destroyed, along with 600,000 land deeds from the Department of the Surveyor General.
Sixty-eight libraries affiliated with religious institutions and at least three museums were damaged by the tsunami. Many of these libraries were attached to Buddhist temples and contained valuable collections of palm leaf manuscripts and documents relating to Ayurveda, the Indian medical tradition adopted in ancient Sri Lanka.
The National Maritime Museum in Galle lost 90 percent of its collection, mostly artifacts salvaged from underwater wrecks and archaeology sites. The museum also lost all of its computers and other technical equipment. The collection housed in the Martin Wickramasinghe Folk Museum of Koggala survived relatively unscathed, however the children's library attached to the museum was severely damaged along with most of the museum's furniture. The Maritime Archaeology Unit of the Central Cultural Fund was also severely damaged, resulting in the loss of artifacts from an 18th-century Dutch shipwreck that were eventually to be donated to a museum.
In the weeks following the disaster, the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions cooperated with UNESCO, the Sri Lanka Library Association, the National Library and Documentation Center of Sri Lanka and other organizations to create the Sri Lanka Disaster Management Committee for Libraries, Information Services and Archives (SL DMC-LISA). The committee worked to secure funding for temporary libraries and computer equipment and began reviewing architectural plans for rebuilding libraries. Further initiatives were developed to encourage "twinning" or pairing of Sri Lankan libraries with donors.
In addition to working with the disaster committee, the Sri Lanka Library Association targeted five libraries for rebuilding with the intent of creating model institutions. As of 2006, three of these libraries had re-opened, while progress on the other two was delayed due to political instability in the region.

The University of Sacramento was a private, Catholic university that opened in 2005 under the sponsorship of the Legion of Christ, an order of Catholic priests. It developed an ethics program in 2006. Dr. Declan Murphy was named the first dean of its College of Business Administration in 2007.
The University of Sacramento was part of a global network of universities founded by the Legionaries and their first undergraduate school in the United States. It was the fifteenth university in their network; the other universities are located in Mexico, Italy, Spain, and Chile.
The college operated on a temporary campus located in Sacramento, California. In June 2007, the University of Sacramento received a gift of land in the proposed development called "Cordova Hills", which is an unincorporated area of Sacramento County just east of the former Mather Air Force Base. The university planned to develop the campus and once completed, to have a student body of 5,000 undergraduate and 2,000 graduate students. In May 2009 the college graduated its first class including Associates and bachelor's degrees in varied Business and Human Resources disciplines. Due to funding issues, on July 7, 2011, the university announced that the plans for the University of Sacramento's new campus would be cancelled and the university would close its academic programs effective immediately.

Oncogenomics is a sub-field of genomics that characterizes cancer-associated genes. It focuses on genomic, epigenomic and transcript alterations in cancer.
Cancer is a genetic disease caused by accumulation of DNA mutations and epigenetic alterations leading to unrestrained cell proliferation and neoplasm formation. The goal of oncogenomics is to identify new oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes that may provide new insights into cancer diagnosis, predicting clinical outcome of cancers and new targets for cancer therapies. The success of targeted cancer therapies such as Gleevec, Herceptin and Avastin raised the hope for oncogenomics to elucidate new targets for cancer treatment.
Besides understanding the underlying genetic mechanisms that initiate or drive cancer progression, oncogenomics targets personalized cancer treatment. Cancer develops due to DNA mutations and epigenetic alterations that accumulate randomly. Identifying and targeting the mutations in an individual patient may lead to increased treatment efficacy.
The completion of the Human Genome Project facilitated the field of oncogenomics and increased the abilities of researchers to find oncogenes. Sequencing technologies and global methylation profiling techniques have been applied to the study of oncogenomics.
The genomics era began in the 1990s, with the generation of DNA sequences of many organisms. In the 21st century, the completion of the Human Genome Project enabled the study of functional genomics and examining tumor genomes. Cancer is a main focus.
The epigenomics era largely began more recently, about 2000. One major source of epigenetic change is altered methylation of CpG islands at the promoter region of genes (see DNA methylation in cancer). A number of recently devised methods can assess the DNA methylation status in cancers versus normal tissues. Some methods assess methylation of CpGs located in different classes of loci, including CpG islands, shores, and shelves as well as promoters, gene bodies, and intergenic regions. Cancer is also a major focus of epigenetic studies.
Access to whole cancer genome sequencing is important to cancer (or cancer genome) research because:
Access to methylation profiling is important to cancer research because:
The first cancer genome was sequenced in 2008. This study sequenced a typical acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) genome and its normal counterpart genome obtained from the same patient. The comparison revealed ten mutated genes. Two were already thought to contribute to tumor progression: an internal tandem duplication of the FLT3 receptor tyrosine kinase gene, which activates kinase signaling and is associated with a poor prognosis and a four base insertion in exon 12 of the NPM1 gene (NPMc). These mutations are found in 25-30% of AML tumors and are thought to contribute to disease progression rather than to cause it directly.
The remaining 8 were new mutations and all were single base changes: Four were in families that are strongly associated with cancer pathogenesis (PTPRT, CDH24, PCLKC and SLC15A1). The other four had no previous association with cancer pathogenesis. They did have potential functions in metabolic pathways that suggested mechanisms by which they could act to promote cancer (KNDC1, GPR124, EB12, GRINC1B)
These genes are involved in pathways known to contribute to cancer pathogenesis, but before this study most would not have been candidates for targeted gene therapy. This analysis validated the approach of whole cancer genome sequencing in identifying somatic mutations and the importance of parallel sequencing of normal and tumor cell genomes.
In 2011, the genome of an exceptional bladder cancer patient whose tumor had been eliminated by the drug everolimus was sequenced, revealing mutations in two genes, "TSC1" and "NF2". The mutations disregulated mTOR, the protein inhibited by everolimus, allowing it to reproduce without limit. As a result, in 2015, the Exceptional Responders Initiative was created at the National Cancer Institute. The initiative allows such exceptional patients (who have responded positively for at least six months to a cancer drug that usually fails) to have their genomes sequenced to identify the relevant mutations. Once identified, other patients could be screened for those mutations and then be given the drug. In 2016 To that end, a nationwide cancer drug trial began in 2015, involving up to twenty-four hundred centers. Patients with appropriate mutations are matched with one of more than forty drugs.
In 2014 the Center for Molecular Oncology rolled out the MSK-IMPACT test, a screening tool that looks for mutations in 341 cancer-associated genes. By 2015 more than five thousand patients had been screened. Patients with appropriate mutations are eligible to enroll in clinical trials that provide targeted therapy.
Genomics technologies include:
Bioinformatics technologies allow the statistical analysis of genomic data. The functional characteristics of oncogenes has yet to be established. Potential functions include their transformational capabilities relating to tumour formation and specific roles at each stage of cancer development.
Operomics aims to integrate genomics, transcriptomics and proteomics to understand the molecular mechanisms that underlie the cancer development.
Comparative oncogenomics uses cross-species comparisons to identify oncogenes. This research involves studying cancer genomes, transcriptomes and proteomes in model organisms such as mice, identifying potential oncogenes and referring back to human cancer samples to see whether homologues of these oncogenes are important in causing human cancers. Genetic alterations in mouse models are similar to those found in human cancers. These models are generated by methods including retroviral insertion mutagenesis or graft transplantation of cancerous cells.
Mutations provide the raw material for natural selection in evolution and can be caused by errors of DNA replication, the action of exogenous mutagens or endogenous DNA damage. The machinery of replication and genome maintenance can be damaged by mutations, or altered by physiological conditions and differential levels of expression in cancer (see references in ).
As pointed out by Gao et al., the stability and integrity of the human genome are maintained by the DNA damage repair (DDR) system. Un-repaired DNA damage is a major cause of mutations that drive carcinogenesis. If DNA repair is deficient, DNA damage tends to accumulate. Such excess DNA damage can increase mutational errors during DNA replication due to error-prone translesion synthesis. Excess DNA damage can also increase epigenetic alterations due to errors during DNA repair. Such mutations and epigenetic alterations can give rise to cancer. DDR genes are often repressed in human cancer by epigenetic mechanisms. Such repression may involve DNA methylation of promoter regions or repression of DDR genes by a microRNA. Epigenetic repression of DDR genes occurs more frequently than gene mutation in many types of cancer (see Cancer epigenetics). Thus, epigenetic repression often plays a more important role than mutation in reducing expression of DDR genes. This reduced expression of DDR genes is likely an important driver of carcinogenesis.
Nucleotide sequence context influences mutation probability and analysis of mutational (mutable) DNA motifs can be essential for understanding the mechanisms of mutagenesis in cancer. Such motifs represent the fingerprints of interactions between DNA and mutagens, between DNA and repair/replication/modification enzymes. Examples of motifs are the AID motif WRCY/RGYW (W = A or T, R = purine and Y = pyrimidine) with C to T/G/A mutations, and error-prone DNA pol η attributed AID-related mutations (A to G/C/G) in WA/TW motifs . 
Another (agnostic) way to analyze the observed mutational spectra and DNA sequence context of mutations in tumors involves pooling all mutations of different types and contexts from cancer samples into a discrete distribution. If multiple cancer samples are available, their context-dependent mutations can be represented in the form of a nonnegative matrix. This matrix can be further decomposed into components (mutational signatures) which ideally should describe individual mutagenic factors. Several computational methods have been proposed for solving this decomposition problem. The first implementation of Non-negative Matrix Factorization (NMF) method is available in Sanger Institute Mutational Signature Framework in the form of a MATLAB package. On the other hand, if mutations from a single tumor sample are only available, the DeconstructSigs R package and MutaGene server may provide the identification of contributions of different mutational signatures for a single tumor sample. In addition, MutaGene server provides mutagen or cancer-specific mutational background models and signatures that can be applied to calculate expected DNA and protein site mutability to decouple relative contributions of mutagenesis and selection in carcinogenesis.
Synthetic lethality arises when a combination of deficiencies in the expression of two or more genes leads to cell death, whereas a deficiency in only one of these genes does not. The deficiencies can arise through mutations, epigenetic alterations or inhibitors of one of the genes.
The therapeutic potential of synthetic lethality as an efficacious anti-cancer strategy is continually improving. Recently, the applicability of synthetic lethality to targeted cancer therapy has heightened due to the recent work of scientists including Ronald A. DePinho and colleagues, in what is termed 'collateral lethality'. Muller et al. found that passenger genes, with chromosomal proximity to tumor suppressor genes, are collaterally deleted in some cancers. Thus, the identification of collaterally deleted redundant genes carrying out an essential cellular function may be the untapped reservoir for then pursing a synthetic lethality approach. Collateral lethality therefore holds great potential in identification of novel and selective therapeutic targets in oncology. In 2012, Muller et al. identified that homozygous deletion of redundant-essential glycolytic ENO1 gene in human glioblastoma (GBM) is the consequence of proximity to 1p36 tumor suppressor locus deletions and may hold potential for a synthetic lethality approach to GBM inhibition. ENO1 is one of three homologous genes (ENO2, ENO3) that encodes the mammalian alpha-enolase enzyme. ENO2, which encodes enolase 2, is mostly expressed in neural tissues, leading to the postulation that in ENO1-deleted GBM, ENO2 may be the ideal target as the redundant homologue of ENO1. Muller found that both genetic and pharmacological ENO2 inhibition in GBM cells with homozygous ENO1 deletion elicits a synthetic lethality outcome by selective killing of GBM cells). In 2016, Muller and colleagues discovered antibiotic SF2312 as a highly potent nanomolar-range enolase inhibitor which preferentially inhibits glioma cell proliferation and glycolytic flux in ENO1-deleted cells. SF2312 was shown to be more efficacious than pan-enolase inhibitor PhAH and have more specificity for ENO2 inhibition over ENO1. Subsequent work by the same team showed that the same approach could be applied to pancreatic cancer, whereby homozygously deleted SMAD4 results in the collateral deletion of mitochondrial malic enzyme 2 (ME2), an oxidative decarboxylase essential for redox homeostasis. Dey et al. show that ME2 genomic deletion in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma cells results in high endogenous reactive oxygen species, consistent with KRAS-driven pancreatic cancer, and essentially primes ME2-null cells for synthetic lethality by depletion of redundant NAD(P)+-dependent isoform ME3. The effects of ME3 depletion were found to be mediated by inhibition of de novo nucleotide synthesis resulting from AMPK activation and mitochondrial ROS-mediated apoptosis. Meanwhile, Oike et al. demonstrated the generalizability of the concept by targeting redundant essential-genes in process other than metabolism, namely the SMARCA4 and SMARCA2 subunits in the chromatin-remodeling SWI/SNF complex.
Some oncogenes are essential for survival of all cells (not only cancer cells). Thus, drugs that knock out these oncogenes (and thereby kill cancer cells) may also damage normal cells, inducing significant illness. However, other genes may be essential to cancer cells but not to healthy cells.
Treatments based on the principle of synthetic lethality have prolonged the survival of cancer patients, and show promise for future advances in reversal of carcinogenesis. A major type of synthetic lethality operates on the DNA repair defect that often initiates a cancer, and is still present in the tumor cells. Some examples are given here.
BRCA1 or BRCA2 expression is deficient in a majority of high-grade breast and ovarian cancers, usually due to epigenetic methylation of its promoter or epigenetic repression by an over-expressed microRNA (see articles BRCA1 and BRCA2). BRCA1 and BRCA2 are important components of the major pathway for homologous recombinational repair of double-strand breaks. If one or the other is deficient, it increases the risk of cancer, especially breast or ovarian cancer. A back-up DNA repair pathway, for some of the damages usually repaired by BRCA1 and BRCA2, depends on PARP1. Thus, many ovarian cancers respond to an FDA-approved treatment with a PARP inhibitor, causing synthetic lethality to cancer cells deficient in BRCA1 or BRCA2. This treatment is also being evaluated for breast cancer and numerous other cancers in Phase III clinical trials in 2016.
There are two pathways for homologous recombinational repair of double-strand breaks. The major pathway depends on BRCA1, PALB2 and BRCA2 while an alternative pathway depends on RAD52. Pre-clinical studies, involving epigenetically reduced or mutated BRCA-deficient cells (in culture or injected into mice), show that inhibition of RAD52 is synthetically lethal with BRCA-deficiency.
Mutations in genes employed in DNA mismatch repair (MMR) cause a high mutation rate. In tumors, such frequent subsequent mutations often generate “non-self” immunogenic antigens. A human Phase II clinical trial, with 41 patients, evaluated one synthetic lethal approach for tumors with or without MMR defects. The product of gene "PD-1" ordinarily represses cytotoxic immune responses. Inhibition of this gene allows a greater immune response. When cancer patients with a defect in MMR in their tumors were exposed to an inhibitor of PD-1, 67% - 78% of patients experienced immune-related progression-free survival. In contrast, for patients without defective MMR, addition of PD-1 inhibitor generated only 11% of patients with immune-related progression-free survival. Thus inhibition of PD-1 is primarily synthetically lethal with MMR defects.
ARID1A, a chromatin modifier, is required for non-homologous end joining, a major pathway that repairs double-strand breaks in DNA, and also has transcription regulatory roles. ARID1A mutations are one of the 12 most common carcinogenic mutations. Mutation or epigenetically decreased expression of ARID1A has been found in 17 types of cancer. Pre-clinical studies in cells and in mice show that synthetic lethality for ARID1A deficiency occurs by either inhibition of the methyltransferase activity of EZH2, or with addition of the kinase inhibitor dasatinib.
Another approach is to individually knock out each gene in a genome and observe the effect on normal and cancerous cells. If the knockout of an otherwise nonessential gene has little or no effect on healthy cells, but is lethal to cancerous cells containing a mutated oncogene, then the system-wide suppression of the suppressed gene can destroy cancerous cells while leaving healthy ones relatively undamaged. The technique was used to identify PARP-1 inhibitors to treat BRCA1/BRCA2-associated cancers. In this case, the combined presence of PARP-1 inhibition and of the cancer-associated mutations in BRCA genes is lethal only to the cancerous cells.
The Cancer Genome Project is an initiative to map out all somatic mutations in cancer. The project systematically sequences the exons and flanking splice junctions of the genomes of primary tumors and cancerous cell lines. COSMIC software displays the data generated from these experiments. As of February 2008, the CGP had identified 4,746 genes and 2,985 mutations in 1,848 tumours.
The Cancer Genome Anatomy Project includes information of research on cancer genomes, transcriptomes and proteomes.
Progenetix is an oncogenomic reference database, presenting cytogenetic and molecular-cytogenetic tumor data.
Oncomine has compiled data from cancer transcriptome profiles.
The integrative oncogenomics database IntOGen and the Gitools datasets integrate multidimensional human oncogenomic data classified by tumor type. The first version of IntOGen focused on the role of deregulated gene expression and CNV in cancer. A later version emphasized mutational cancer driver genes across 28 tumor types. All releases of IntOGen data are made available at the IntOGen database.
The International Cancer Genome Consortium is the biggest project to collect human cancer genome data. The data is accessible through the ICGC website. The BioExpress® Oncology Suite contains gene expression data from primary, metastatic and benign tumor samples and normal samples, including matched adjacent controls. The suite includes hematological malignancy samples for many well-known cancers.
Specific databases for model animals include the Retrovirus Tagged Cancer Gene Database (RTCGD) that compiled research on retroviral and transposon insertional mutagenesis in mouse tumors.
Mutational analysis of entire gene families revealed that genes of the same family have similar functions, as predicted by similar coding sequences and protein domains. Two such classes are the kinase family, involved in adding phosphate groups to proteins and the phosphatase family, involved with removing phosphate groups from proteins. These families were first examined because of their apparent role in transducing cellular signals of cell growth or death. In particular, more than 50% of colorectal cancers carry a mutation in a kinase or phosphatase gene. Phosphatidylinositold 3-kinases (PIK3CA) gene encodes for lipid kinases that commonly contain mutations in colorectal, breast, gastric, lung and various other cancers. Drug therapies can inhibit PIK3CA. Another example is the BRAF gene, one of the first to be implicated in melanomas. BRAF encodes a serine/threonine kinase that is involved in the RAS-RAF-MAPK growth signaling pathway. Mutations in BRAF cause constitutive phosphorylation and activity in 59% of melanomas. Before BRAF, the genetic mechanism of melanoma development was unknown and therefore prognosis for patients was poor.
Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) mutations are linked the formation of tumors. Four types of mtDNA mutations have been identified:
Point mutations have been observed in the coding and non-coding region of the mtDNA contained in cancer cells. In individuals with bladder, head/neck and lung cancers, the point mutations within the coding region show signs of resembling each other. This suggests that when a healthy cell transforms into a tumor cell (a neoplastic transformation) the mitochondria seem to become homogenous. Abundant point mutations located within the non-coding region, D-loop, of the cancerous mitochondria suggest that mutations within this region might be an important characteristic in some cancers.
This type of mutation is sporadically detected due to its small size ( < 1kb). The appearance of certain specific mtDNA mutations (264-bp deletion and 66-bp deletion in the complex 1 subunit gene ND1) in multiple types of cancer provide some evidence that small mtDNA deletions might appear at the beginning of tumorigenesis. It also suggests that the amount of mitochondria containing these deletions increases as the tumor progresses. An exception is a relatively large deletion that appears in many cancers (known as the "common deletion"), but more mtDNA large scale deletions have been found in normal cells compared to tumor cells. This may be due to a seemingly adaptive process of tumor cells to eliminate any mitochondria that contain these large scale deletions (the "common deletion" is > 4kb).
Two small mtDNA insertions of ~260 and ~520 bp can be present in breast cancer, gastric cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and colon cancer and in normal cells. No correlation between these insertions and cancer are established.
The characterization of mtDNA via real-time polymerase chain reaction assays shows the presence of quantitative alteration of mtDNA copy number in many cancers. Increase in copy number is expected to occur because of oxidative stress. On the other hand, decrease is thought to be caused by somatic point mutations in the replication origin site of the H-strand and/or the D310 homopolymeric c-stretch in the D-loop region, mutations in the p53 (tumor suppressor gene) mediated pathway and/or inefficient enzyme activity due to POLG mutations. Any increase/decrease in copy number then remains constant within tumor cells. The fact that the amount of mtDNA is constant in tumor cells suggests that the amount of mtDNA is controlled by a much more complicated system in tumor cells, rather than simply altered as a consequence of abnormal cell proliferation. The role of mtDNA content in human cancers apparently varies for particular tumor types or sites.
57.7% (500/867) contained somatic point putations and of the 1172 mutations surveyed 37.8% (443/1127) were located in the D-loop control region, 13.1% (154/1172) were located in the tRNA or rRNA genes and 49.1% (575/1127) were found in the mRNA genes needed for producing complexes required for mitochondrial respiration.
Some anticancer drugs target mtDNA and have shown positive results in killing tumor cells. Research has used mitochondrial mutations as biomarkers for cancer cell therapy. It is easier to target mutation within mitochondrial DNA versus nuclear DNA because the mitochondrial genome is much smaller and easier to screen for specific mutations. MtDNA content alterations found in blood samples might be able to serve as a screening marker for predicting future cancer susceptibility as well as tracking malignant tumor progression. Along with these potential helpful characteristics of mtDNA, it is not under the control of the cell cycle and is important for maintaining ATP generation and mitochondrial homeostasis. These characteristics make targeting mtDNA a practical therapeutic strategy.
Several biomarkers can be useful in cancer staging, prognosis and treatment. They can range from single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), chromosomal aberrations, changes in DNA copy number, microsatellite instability, promoter region methylation, or even high or low protein levels.


Oklahoma's Fourth Congressional District is located in south-central Oklahoma and covers (in whole or in part) a total of 15 counties. Its principal cities include Midwest City, Norman, Moore, Ada, Duncan, Lawton/Ft. Sill, and Ardmore. The district also includes much of southern Oklahoma City.
The district is currently represented by Republican Tom Cole.
As with the rest of the state, the district gives G.O.P. candidates wide margins - George W. Bush received 61 percent of the vote in 2000, 67% in 2004 and John McCain received 66% of the vote in 2008.
The district borders Texas along the Red River to the south. To the north, the district includes a very small square-shaped portion of south-central Oklahoma County (enough to capture the city of Midwest City) and then Cleveland, McClain, Grady, Garvin, Pontotoc, Comanche, Tillman, Cotton, Stephens, Jefferson, Carter, and Love counties.
The district is 63 percent urban, 5 percent Latino, and 3.5 percent foreign-born.

Lee Jason Simeone (born 20 March 1980 in Rochford, Essex, England) is an English musician, who joined the independent record label Le Coq Musique in 2008. Other artists of the label include Kevin Mooney of Adam And The Ants, Gary Asquith of Renegade Soundwave. Simeone left the label in 2012 to set up his own "Vernal Equinox Records" in London.
Simeone released his debut album "The Dream Weaver" on the Le Coq Musique label in 2010. The album won rave reviews from Rough Trade Records and Future Music of Future Publishing. The album also featured Kevin Mooney of Adam and The Ants on bass for one track titled "Epica" 
Lee Simeone's career as a freelance producer/performer had begun when collaborating with various popular artists in 2010 & most notably: the electro-pop pioneer Karel Fialka, Kevin Mooney, Paul Reynolds Ex - A Flock Of Seagulls , Gary Asquith of Renegade Soundwave, Alan Rear (Tony Mansfield, Miguel Bosé). These artists are also featured on Simeone's 2011 release "An Introduction To Simeone". A further collaboration with Karel Fialka was to follow where Simeone guesting on drums & backing vocals for his live shows between 2010-2011.<ref name="Karel Fialka & Simeone live collaboration / guest performance|"></ref> Simeone's 2016 offering "Best Seat In The Dream" EP contains six new tracks and features guest artists namely; Ex- original Cockney Rebel bandmate Milton-Reame James.
In the summer of 2014 Simeone contributed towards production & mastering duties on the Australian rock band Men at Work Still Life 12" vinyl EP " released in 2014 via Sony/ATV. He also recorded & performed a song for it titled "Star Lane". It came with a remastered vinyl LP of their 1983 Cargo (album). Its A-side also featured the original band album recording of "Blue for You" remastered from the original masters at Abbey Road Studios with mastering engineer Simon Gibson. The EP also features an interview hosted by Simeone with the original band member Ron Strykert. In early 2015 Simeone became an executive producer for the documentary film "You Better Take Cover". A film about Men at Work, their hit single Down Under (song), and the Kookaburra (song) controversy. The short film premieres at the 2016 "Manchester Film Festival" .
Simeone has also appeared in an episode of Ashes to Ashes (TV series) alongside the eighties pop icon Steve Strange.
Simeone is a member of Neurofibromatosis Inc. (a nonprofit organisation working towards Neurofibromatosis patient support) and supports the charity by making donations from his releases. He is also involved with supporting The Depression Alliance & Turning Point (charity).

Memorial Patch worn by the Boston Celtics during the 2006-2007 season to remember Red Auerbach
— 11:53, 22 August 2007 (UTC)

source:www.adorocinema.com

Oklahoma's Fifth Congressional District is a U.S. congressional district in Oklahoma, which elects a representative to the United States House of Representatives. It borders all of the other congressional districts in the state except the 1st District. It is densely populated and covers almost all of Oklahoma County (except a small sliver located in the 4th District) and all of Pottawatomie and Seminole counties.
Principal cities in the district include Oklahoma City (the state capital), Edmond, Shawnee, and Seminole.
The district is currently represented by Republican Steve Russell.
The district has been held by a Republican since January 23, 1975, when Democrat John Jarman changed political parties. Before Jarman, the seat had leaned Democratic since 1931.
George W. Bush received 64 percent of the vote in this district in 2004.
Republican Mary Fallin won 60 percent of the vote in the 2006 election.
According to the 2000 Census, the district is 87.53 percent urban, 26.17 percent non-white, and has a population that is 8.26 percent Latino and 6.76 percent foreign-born. Only 2.74 percent of adults working in the district commute using public transportation, on a bike or on foot. 8.49 percent of adults aged 25 and older in the district have a Master's, PhD or Professional Degree.

Writers who have won the American Pulitzer Prize for Fiction (since 1949). This award replaced the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel (given from 1918 to 1947).
For articles about the writers: 
For articles about the books:

Travis Parker is a professional snowboarder. Taught by his inspiration Jack Zerba. Originally from Jonestown, Texas, his sponsors have included Capita Super, K2 Snowboards, DC Boots, Airblaster, Union Bindings, Level, Lifetime, and Bluebird. In 2005, Parker started riding for Capita, having left longtime sponsor K2. At the end of the 2009 season, Parker quit most of his sponsors, reputedly to become a sushi chef, and dropped out of the snowboarding world. Ahead of the 2011 season, it was announced that Travis was once again riding for K2. Travis is known for his original riding style and approach to snowboarding, including vowing to ride switch for the entire 2009 season.
Parker had a pro-model board for several years while on K2, the Parka, and helped Capita develop the Unorthodox (in subsequent seasons known as the Shapeshifter) board, notable for having a cutaway at both nose and tail.
Parker featured in a number of Totally Board films. He was a central part of Robot Food, and featured in all three of their films ("Afterbang", 2003, "Lame", 2004, and "Afterlame", 2005). Subsequently, he embarked on a series of films which differed greatly from traditional snowboard films. In "BikeCar" (Fountaincat, 2007), Parker, Louie Fountain and Scotty Witlake cycle through the Pacific Northwest in a homemade pedal-driven vehicle, riding at such locations as Mount Bachelor. In 2011's "December" webseries, he and Andrew Crawford travel through eastern Europe snowboarding mainly at small or obscure locations, including Zakopane in Poland. The film also features Marco Grilc. Parker also features in "The Gap Session" (BlankPaper, 2006) and "DC Mountain Lab". His return to professional snowboarding was featured in the movie "Respect Your Elders" (Airblaster/K2 Snowboarding, 2010).
In 2004 Travis founded Snowdays Foundation with educator Patrick Edwards. Snowdays Foundation is an all volunteer organization dedicated to youth empowerment through snowboarding. In 2005, Parker auctioned part of his snowboard collection, part of the proceeds of which went to Snowdays.
Parker is a co-founder and owner of Airblaster, a snowboarding apparel company.

Jun Fubuki received a Japanese Academy Award Best Supporting Actress nomination for her role in "Muno no Hito", and won at the Hochi Film Awards. This role also won Fubuki the "Best Actress" award at the Yokohama Film Festival. She also won the award for best actress at the 24th Hochi Film Award for "Coquille" and "Spellbound".
She has appeared in Kiyoshi Kurosawa's films such as "Seance", "Charisma" and "Pulse".



The University of Sulaimani is a public university located in the city of Sulaymaniyah in Kurdistan Region - Iraq. It is one of the important scientific and cultural centers in Kurdistan region. It was founded by Professor Dr.Mohammed Salih Beg in 1968 (Dr Salih's idea's which was submitted to the government in 1958 and agreed in 1968), and reestablished in 1992. The main campus is in Sulaimani city, and satellite campuses are in the towns of Khanaqin, Kalar, Halabja and Chamchamal.
The university has a total yearly enrollment of more than 4000 undergraduate and postgraduate students. The university offers a variety of major programmes including medical, engineering, humanities, law, fine arts, physical education, political science, degree and in some specialties to postgraduate degrees such as High Diploma, MSc, MA and PhD. The university has a variety of other extracurricular activities, too.
The university was founded and secured by Professor Dr. Mohammed Mohammed Salih Beg in 1968 ( Professor of Modern European History and Political Science) . It was his first project to do in 1958 after his return from United State of America,and gained his PHD. In the beginning there were only three colleges but during the years that followed, the number of the colleges increased dramatically as the result of growing demands of higher education in the country. In 1981, Ba'ath Regime transferred this academic establishment to the city of Erbil (Hawler) because of political activities against the regime, changing the name to University of Salahaddin.
In 1992 University of Sulaimani was reestablished by tremendous efforts and enthusiasm of many Kurdish intellectuals and academics with the people of Sulaimani and was officially reopened on 14 November. This university is the mother of other universities in Kurdistan. It is the oldest University in Kurdistan proper, therefore, it has its own significance in the history of Kurdistan.
Today University of Sulaimani includes (11) colleges, students obtain BSc and BA degrees in various fields of study. The colleges are:
To provide the necessary teaching staff, the University also awards MA, MSc and PhD degrees in different fields of study. In 2009-2010 academic year, 24488 students attended classes as full-time students, there are (924) postgraduate students, there are ( 1357 ) teaching staff and ( 2329 ) administration staff too.
Apart from the current campus which most of the colleges are located, the new campus of the university is located at the outskirts of Sulaymaniyah city and it is currently under construction, the entire project should be completed by 2012, the new campus is of world standards with to date technologies and modern design, if completed by time it would be the one of the largest campuses in the region, the budget for its construction is nearly 450 million US dollars, despite of the new campus the colleges of Medicine, Dentistry, Pharmacy, and Nursing will remain in the old campus and there were rumors that these four colleges will be categorized as a whole different university under the name (Sulaimani Medical University) or any other name.
Apart from this university, there are many technical, medical, and fine arts institutes in Sulaymaniyah.
In the city of Sulaymaniyah, the first kidney transplant operation from a living donor kidney was successfully performed by a transplant team in Shoresh General Hospital on the 7th of June 2008 "Ref1&2".




AA 6063 is an aluminium alloy, with magnesium and silicon as the alloying elements. The standard controlling its composition is maintained by The Aluminum Association. It has generally good mechanical properties and is heat treatable and weldable. It is similar to the British aluminium alloy HE9.
6063 is the most common alloy used for aluminium extrusion. It allows complex shapes to be formed with very smooth surfaces fit for anodizing and so is popular for visible architectural applications such as window frames, door frames, roofs, and sign frames. Applications requiring higher strength typically use 6061 or 6082 instead.
The alloy composition of 6063 is:
The mechanical properties of 6063 depend greatly on the temper, or heat treatment, of the material.
Un-heat-treated 6063 has maximum tensile strength no more than , and no specified maximum yield strength. The material has elongation (stretch before ultimate failure) of 18%.
T1 temper 6063 has an ultimate tensile strength of at least in thicknesses up to , and from thick, and yield strength of at least in thickness up to and from thick. It has elongation of 12%.
T5 temper 6063 has an ultimate tensile strength of at least in thicknesses up to , and from thick, and yield strength of at least up to and from. It has elongation of 8%.
T6 temper 6063 has an ultimate tensile strength of at least and yield strength of at least . In thicknesses of or less, it has elongation of 8% or more; in thicker sections, it has elongation of 10%.
6063 is also produced in tempers T52, T53, T54, T55, and T832, with various improved desired 
properties.
6063 is used for architectural fabrication, window and door frames, pipe and tubing, and aluminium furniture.
6063 is highly weldable, using tungsten inert gas welding. Typically, after welding, the properties near the weld are those of 6063-0, a loss of strength of up to 30%. The material can be re-heat-treated to restore a higher temper for the whole piece.

Regent Secondary School (abbreviation: RSS) is a co-educational government secondary school located at 50 Choa Chu Kang North 5 689621, Singapore. It provides Express, Normal Academic and Normal Technical courses from secondary 1 - 4/5 levels.
"2006" : 
Level One Awards
Sports and Games
Uniform Groups
"2005"
Others
2005 :
Level One Awards
SYF Central Judging
Uniform Groups
"2004"
Sports
"2009"
Performing Arts
"2017"

Grover is a surname found with people in India as well as with people of English ancestry. The two names, however, are distinct in formation and share no common origins.
In India, Grover () is a name in common use by the predominantly by Hindu Khatri and some sikh communities in Punjab. Punjabi is their mother language. One may seldom find this surname in use by some Muslim communities, most of whom live in the Punjab region of India and Pakistan. The Grovers were mostly rich landlords and farmers.
In Punjab, Grovers are settled in large numbers in Kapurthala, Gurdaspur, Chandigarh, Amritsar, Jalandhar, Hoshiarpur, Malout, Fatehgarh, Patiala, Sangrur, Nabha, Ludhiana, Malerkotla, Moga, Ferozepur, Bathinda, Sirsa, Mandi dabwali Fatehabad & Tohana Ratia famous town, Ambala and Ropar areas in Malwa, Majha and Doaba and Dhapai.
The name itself is derived from the original surname Guruvara/Gorovare, (Hindi: गोरोवरा / गोरोवरे), which in turn derives from a Sanskrit word of ("guru/a" /"गुरु") "teacher/mentor" hence meaning "the great teacher"..
In English, the surname Grover is derived from an occupation involving working in tree groves. It is cognate with the German "Grüber"
Individuals with the surname Grover include:

Ohlange High School is a secondary school in Inanda, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. It was founded by John Dube and Nokutela Dube née Mdima. It was the first school in South Africa started by a black person. John Dube was also the first President of what became the ANC. The school was chosen by President Nelson Mandela as the place where he would cast his vote in the first racially inclusive election in South Africa in 1994.
The school was founded in 1900 as the "Zulu Christian Industrial School" by John Langalibalele Dube and his first wife, Nokutela. The school, also known as the "Ohlange Native Industrial Institute," was the first educational institution in South Africa to be founded by a black person. The land for the school was donated by Chief Mqhawe of the AmaQadi. John had been in contact with Booker T. Washington and modeled the school after the Tuskegee University in America. As a result, the "Zulu Christian Industrial Institute" laid emphasis on developing self-reliance in its students. In 1901 the school was renamed "the Ohlange Institute." The school was called "Ohlange" by Dupe based on the word "uhlanga" which means the point of new growth in a plant or an ancestor for a descended family.
The school was so popular initially that students were sleeping without beds. The finances were difficult in the first few years. A solution to this came from an American committee that supported Dupe's belief that Christian conversion could be achieved via industrial education. A leading member of the committee was the Illinois pastor Sidney Dix Strong who had visited South Africa and had included the Ohlange Institute to his itinerary. Strong's wife died on the journey back to Chicago and Strong decided to use the Ohlange cause to distract himself from his loss.
Strong was able to arrange for the Dube's to meet Douglas and Emaroy June Smith who became rich due to patent medicines and in time from the Pepsodent toothpaste brand. They donated thousands of dollars to the school which enabled for more teachers to be employed. This was in addition to the money that Dube obtained from the family of Anson Phelps Stokes. 
By 1904 the finances needed further attention and Dube was unable to find any help in Natal. He had to return to America and he left John Mdima in charge of both the school and the newspaper. In Brooklyn he met the new chair of the committee S. Parkes Cadman who was pastor of the Central Congregational church in Brooklyn. Cadman reorganised the funding arranging for benefactors to sponsor students for £30 a year and arranging for Dube's helpers and family including John Mdima to go to college. The Dubes spent fifteen months in the states with John speaking and his wife singing. June Emaroy Smith was particularly generous and funded the 1907 construction of a boy's building. Dube noted in his talks that the Afro American was largely Christian whereas the native African had only limited access to the Christian message.
In its early years the school taught not only basic education but also vocational skills such as journalism, shoe and dressmaking, carpentry, motor mechanics and agriculture. Dube contributed to the administration as well as teaching journalism. The academic side was not ignored and in 1915 the first Ohlange students went to study at the University College of the Cape of Good Hope. 1917 saw the construction of a girls dormitory. The purpose here was to establish a teacher training centre which was seen as a female career.
Enoch Sontonga song which later became a South African national anthem became better known after Ohlange Institute's choir used it. They played it at the South African Native National Congress meeting in 1912. It was sung after the closing prayer and the ANC adopted it as its official closing anthem in 1925.
On 27 April 1994, Nelson Mandela cast his vote in his country's first all-race elections at a polling booth in the school. Mandela chose the area because he wanted to give the native black population the confidence to vote. He chose Ohlange school in particular because this is where John Dupe the first President of what was to become the ANC was buried. and he wanted to lay a wreath. Mandela stood by the grave and said
"Mr President, I have come to report to you that South Africa is free today"
Enrollment in 2012 was 865 with nearly 100 boarding at the school. There were just over 60 staff with 34 being teachers in 2012.
The school had a laboratory and a technical drawing room, a computer and cooking room, a library and 23 other classrooms in 2012. The admin block is in addition and the school had plans in 2012 to add six more classrooms and increase the computing facilities.
In 2007 Ohlange was amongst several schools recognised as "historic schools". Funding of six million rand a year was earmarked for Ohlange, Adams College, Inkamana High School, Inanda Seminary and Vryheid Comprehensive High School to make them academies focusing on Maths, Science and Technology. Anglican Archbishop Emeritus Njongonkulu Ndungane said that they still needed funds and "little has been achieved since democracy".
Prominent former pupils include the Nobel Laureate Albert Luthuli and the Deputy President Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka, who went back to her former school in May 2006 as part of the Global Campaign for Education. Musical alumni include Reuben Caluza, the singer Busi Mhlongo and the jazz musician Victor Ntoni. Sportsman Stephen Mokone also studied here.

The City of Maitland is a local government area in the lower Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia. The area is situated adjacent to the New England Highway and the Hunter railway line.
The Mayor of the City of Maitland is Cr. Loretta Baker, a Country Labor politician.
A 2015 review of local government boundaries by the NSW Government Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal recommended the merger of a number of adjoining councils. In the initial proposal, the City of Maitland was not included in any amalgamation proposals. However, following the lodging of an alternate proposal by Gloucester Shire Council to amalgamate the Gloucester, Great Lakes and Greater Taree councils, the NSW Minister for Local Government proposed a merger between the Dungog Shire with the City of Maitland. In February 2017, the NSW Government announced that it will not proceed with the proposed amalgamation.
At the 2011 census, there were people in the City of Maitland local government area, of these 48.9 per cent were male and 51.1 per cent were female. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people made up 3.5 per cent of the population, which was higher than the national and state averages of 2.5 per cent. The median age of people in the City of Maitland was 36 years, which was marginally lower than the national median of 37 years. Children aged 0 – 14 years made up 22.0 per cent of the population and people aged 65 years and over made up 12.7 per cent of the population. Of people in the area aged 15 years and over, 50.9 per cent were married and 11.8 per cent were either divorced or separated.
Population growth in the City of Maitland between the 2001 census and the 2006 census was 15.19 per cent; and in the subsequent five years to the 2011 census, population growth was 9.05 per cent. When compared with total population growth of Australia for the same periods, being 5.78 per cent and 8.32 per cent respectively, population growth in the City of Maitland local government area was significantly higher than the national average. The median weekly income for residents within the City of Maitland was approximately equal to the national average.
At the 2011 census, the proportion of residents in the City of Maitland local government area who stated their ancestry as Australian or Anglo-Saxon exceeded 82 per cent of all residents (national average was 65.2 per cent). In excess of 67% of all residents in the City of Maitland nominated a religious affiliation with Christianity at the 2011 census, which was significantly higher than the national average of 50.2 per cent. Meanwhile, as at the census date, compared to the national average, households in the City of Maitland local government area had a significantly lower than average proportion (4.7 per cent) where two or more languages are spoken (national average was 20.4 per cent); and a significantly higher proportion (93.2 per cent) where English only was spoken at home (national average was 76.8 per cent).
Maitland City Council is composed of thirteen Councillors, including the Mayor, for a fixed four-year term of office. The Mayor is directly elected while the twelve other Councillors are elected proportionally as four separate wards, each electing three Councillors. The most recent election was held on 9 September 2017, and the makeup of the Council, including the Mayor, is as follows:
The current Council, elected in 2012, in order of election by ward, is:

Lebowakgomo High School is a high school located in Lebowakgomo, Limpopo (formerly known as Lebowa), South Africa. It was built in the 1980s and was the first high school built in Lebowakgomo. The school is located next to Little Bedfordview Primary School. 
Before the school was constructed, high school students in Lebowakgomo attended their classes in Ntsiyekgopu Primary School.
Like many South African schools, the school experienced rioting in the mid 80's. The culture of learning was restored in late eighties. The school prides itself with a number of graduates from universities around South Africa and some that have found their careers overseas. 
The school has since witnessed a significant rise in academic performance of late and continues to grow from strength to strength. 
IBM donated computers and a server to the school in 2006 and this led to the school introducing the official high school computer literacy course as a pilot project.
The class of 2008 was the first ever to write a matric exam on computers as a subject (At the time known as Computer Applications Technology). Despite inadequate support of textbooks and at times educators for the Computer Applications Technology learning area, the students fared relatively well in this pilot project with one of its students notching up a mark in the 90 for the course. 

Ammi Phillips (April 24, 1788 – July 11, 1865) was an American itinerant portrait painter active in Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New York for five decades. After his death he was forgotten for decades until his oeuvre was reconstructed by Barbara and Larry Holdridge, collectors and students of American folk art, with the eventual support of Mary Black, art historian, after many friendly arguments and challenges to prove their contention that Phillips was not only the Kent Limner but also the earlier Border Limner.
The Holdridges' extensive search in three states for Phillips paintings and for biographical details to be found in the Census Bureau and other written records, as well as the fading memories of still-living relatives of the artist and his portrait subjects (from one of whom they learned the pronunciation of the artist's first name, "Amm-eye") was triggered by their purchase in 1958 of one of the very few portraits signed on the reverse by the artist: "George C. Sunderland Painted When at the Age of 21 years by Mr, Ammi, Phillips, In the fall 1840."
Phillips was born in Colebrook, Connecticut on April 24, 1788, beginning a life that spanned the period from the beginning of George Washington's presidency to the end of the American Civil War. His extensive, continuously evolving oeuvre over a period of five decades provides posterity with a vast archive of early American self-fashioning. 
While his early education remains obscure to history (although Phillips is often considered a self-taught artist, he may have apprenticed with another artist) it's clear that Phillips made up his mind to pursue a career as an artist while still young. He enters the documentary record as an artist in 1809, at the age of 21, with advertisements in both "The Berkshire Reporter" and a Pittsfield, Massachusetts tavern proclaiming his talent for painting "correct likenesses," distinguished by “perfect shadows and elegantly dressed in the prevailing fashions of the day.” Although Phillips also advertised his talent for "fancy painting, silhouettes, sign and ornamental painting," he soon specialized as a portraitist. His work satisfied the local standard, and within two years Phillips was receiving regular portrait commissions from community leaders in this area of western Massachusetts.
Unlike Phillips' illustrious predecessors in American art, such as Benjamin West of Philadelphia and John Singleton Copley of Boston, Phillips lived and worked on the rural frontier—a difference which is key to understanding his career. Though he was able to successfully market his skills from a young age, it's likely that the relatively sparse demand for painted portraits (a luxury good that reflects and signals a certain social standing) outside the capitals was the main factor necessitating an itinerant career that saw the artist move regularly, family perhaps in tow, between western Massachusetts, Connecticut, and the Hudson River Valley. The artist moved on as he exhausted the demand of the local community for painted "likenesses". This wandering lifestyle is archetypically Romantic, rather contrasting with the bourgeois domesticity of his portraits, which are almost always set within interiors. A letter from the American artist John Vanderlyn to his nephew, John Vanderlyn, Jr., from Kingston, New York, dated September 9, 1825, stated, "Were I to begin life again, I should not hesitate to follow this plan, that is, to paint portraits cheap and slight, for the mass of folks can't judge of the merits of a well finished picture, I am more and more persuaded of this. Indeed, moving about through the country as Phillips did and probably still does, must be an agreeable way of passing ones time. I saw four of his works at Jacobus Hardenburgh's the other day painted a year or two ago, which seemed to satisfy them."
We may contrast this somewhat supercilious opinion of Phillips' artistic worth with the conclusion of the twentieth-century art critic Hilton Kramer, who wrote in "The New York Times" in 1970, "In the "Plain and Fancy" exhibition, for example, there are five portraits by the amazing Ammi Phillips (1788–1865), and at least two of them—the portraits of Mrs. Isaac Cox and of Deacon Benjamin Benedict (both about 1836)—are of superb quality. To the modern eye, the portrait of Mrs. Cox particularly speaks with a clarity, precision, and sympathy that places it considerably nearer to our own standards of artistic probity than anything to be found in the common run of 'serious' painting at the time. If this is 'innocent' painting, it is innocent only of those flatulent academic pretensions which remained the curse of so much of our art in the 19th century."
Phillips may actually have learned some of his skills from the portraits by John Vanderlyn he saw hanging in the homes of his wealthy patrons. Some aspects of Phillips' works are reminiscent of Vanderlyn's.
Ammi Phillips lived into the era of the daguerreotype, and his last portraits show this influence He died on July 15, 1865, age 72, in Curtisville, Massachusetts, just outside Stockbridge, where his death certificate is filed in the Town Hall. He was buried in Amenia, New York, where he had lived earlier in his life.
The artist's most famous work is "Girl in Red Dress with Cat and Dog", which is in the collection of the American Folk Art Museum in New York. The painting is one of a group of four portraits of children in vibrant red with a dog on the floor that Phillips produced while living in Dutchess County, New York, in the mid-1830s. This iconic work is the only one that features a cat. 
The image is frequently reproduced and admired. It was featured on a United States postage stamp in 1998. Nicholas B.A. Nicholson wrote a novel told from the perspective of the depicted girl. 
Ken Johnson, an art critic for "The New York Times", has repeatedly praised the picture. In a review of the American Folk Art Museum's exhibition "Self-Taught Genius", Johnson contends that "Girl in Red Dress with Cat and Dog" is "one of the most beautiful paintings made by any American artist ever." Previously he described the work as "heartbreakingly lovely."
The novelist and art historian Teju Cole, in the third chapter of his debut novel "Open City", describes a visit to the American Folk Art Museum. The narrator notices and evaluates "Girl in Red Dress with Cat and Dog": "At the landing of the first flight of stairs, I saw an oil portrait of a young girl in a starchy red dress holding a white cat. A dog peeked out from under her chair. The details were saccharine, but they could not obscure the force and beauty of the painting."
Phillips' modern rediscovery began in 1924, when a group of portraits of women, shown leaning forward in three-quarter view and wearing dark dresses, were displayed in an antique show in Kent, Connecticut. The anonymous painter of these strongly colored works, which dated from the 1830s, became known as the "Kent Limner", after the locality where they had come to light. 
Stylistically distinct from those of the "Kent Limner", a second group of early-19th-century paintings emerged after 1940 in the area near the Connecticut–New York border. Attributed at the time to an unknown "Border Limner", these works, dating from the period 1812–1819, were characterized by soft pastel hues and limited drawing skills, as seen in the portraits of "Mrs. Russell Dorr and Baby", now in the Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Folk Art Collection, Williamsburg, Virginia, and of "Harriet Leavens", now in the Fogg Art Museum, Harvard University.
It was not until 1958 that Ammi Phillips' identity as the painter of both groups of portraits was established by Barbara and Larry Holdridge, and endorsed by Mary Black, writing on May 21, 1959 to three fellow folk-art historians, "You are the ones who should be the first to know that I have joined the opposition [i.e., the Holdridges] and now believe that the Border Limner, Ammi Phillips, A. Phillips, and the Kent Limner are one and the same person." Additional works were identified, showing the artist's transition from the delicate coloration of the Border period to the bold and dramatic works that followed. Some paintings that had previously been attributed to John Bradley were also identified as the work of Ammi Phillips. By 1976, there were approximately 400 paintings securely attributed to Phillips, who is now recognized as one of the most prolific American folk painters of his time. Scores more have been discovered since then.
The art historian Mary Black said Phillips' early and late styles reveal the untrained artist's inventiveness in dealing with the difficulty of representing the figure: "In his Border period he made his limitations work for him and the lumpy coats, gangling limbs, huge hands, wooden arms—even the tables tilted at crazy angles—were all part of well-composed and beautiful portraits. Later he glossed over problems with anatomy by using flat dark-colored backgrounds and dark dresses and suits". Phillips' work influenced the style of his younger contemporary, Erastus Salisbury Field, who worked as an itinerant portrait painter in the region just east of Phillips.
The Museum of American Folk Art showed its first major exhibition devoted to the work of a single folk portraitist to "Ammi Phillips, Portrait Painter 1788–1865," on exhibit from October 16 to December 2, 1968. There have been numerous notable exhibits since then.


The De Anza League is a California High School sports league in San Bernardino County, California and Riverside County, California. It is part of the CIF Southern Section.
The seven teams in the league are:

Gerald Davis (10 October 1916 – 16 June 2005): architect, graphic designer, postal historian and philatelist. His 1971 "Burma Postal History" is a classic study, both readable and comprehensive.
Davis learned the basics of stamps and philately while helping out with his father's stamp shop in Baker Street, Marylebone, Westminster. As an adult he formed an extraordinary collection of the postal history of Burma, including the Japanese post offices in Burma and the overland routes to China and Thailand.
After Dunkirk Davis went to India with the British Fourteenth Army, a multinational force comprising units from Commonwealth countries during World War II. After the Battle of Imphal he served in Burma, present-day Myanmar, where he took part in the Chindwin River valley campaign and the surrender of Rangoon in May, 1945.
In 1990, Robson Lowe commented, "Besides acquiring much of his modern collection from villagers who preferred cigarettes to British currency, his negotiations after the formal enemy capitulation in August, with Burmese postal officials, for stamps which have since become collectible, by his own account comprised his most active service." 
Using the first-hand knowledge of the country gained from his military assignments, and building on foundations laid by W. Renouf, Jal Cooper and Vernon Rowe, Gerald Davis' studies and presentations of Burma's postal history brought the country to its present-day attraction for collectors and philatelists. Davis was a fellow and member of the Society of Postal Historians, the India Study Circle and Kingston Philatelic Society.

The inaugural International Race of Champions was held at two tracks over two weekends in 1973 and 1974. The first three races were held October 27 and 28 at Riverside International Raceway and the final race was held on the Daytona International Speedway road course on February 14, 1974. Champion Mark Donohue won $54000 for his efforts and the championship was determined by prize money rather than points. The races were contested in Porsche Carrera RSR race cars. This was the only IROC to be contested entirely on road courses. Only the top 6 finishing drivers competed in all four races.
The roster of drivers and final points standings were as follows:

VIVmag is one of the earliest exclusively digital, interactive women's lifestyle magazines. Launched in 2006 and backed by Canadian industrialist David Harrison Gilmour (the founder of FIJI Water LLC), the bimonthly magazine is distributed by Zinio Systems, Inc. The first issue appeared in January-February 2007. There is no print version. The paperless title can be viewed in most browsers or downloaded to your computer and read via the Zinio Reader. The magazine is based in Thousand Oaks, California.
Editor in chief Anne M. Russell is the former editor of "Shape" magazine and, like "Shape", "VIVmag" offers service journalism in areas of fashion, beauty and nutrition, in addition to overall fitness and health. "VIVmag", however, targets a slightly older (35+), more upscale demographic.
The magazine had a robust staff of affluent women from advertising and media at its state-side helm, Jeanniey Mullen was its CMO, Adrienne A.Wallace formerly of Time Warner and EMI was the Global Vice President of Marketing, and Jocelyn R. Taylor, formerly of UPTOWN Magazine was its Publisher.

Jerome Kagan (born February 25, 1929) is an American psychologist, and Daniel and Amy Starch Research Professor of Psychology, Emeritus at Harvard University, and co-faculty at the New England Complex Systems Institute. He is one of the key pioneers of developmental psychology.
Kagan has shown that an infant's "temperament" is quite stable over time, in that certain behaviors in infancy are predictive of certain other behavior patterns in adolescence He did extensive work on temperament and gave insight on emotion. Kagan was listed as the 22nd most eminent psychologist of the 20th century, just above Carl Jung.
Born in Newark, New Jersey to Joseph and Myrtle Kagan, Kagan grew up in Rahway, New Jersey. He chose to study psychology due to his attraction in being a scientist and to preserve his grandfather's interest in human nature. He was accepted at Yale University to study Psychology, where he earned his Ph.D. and he earned his master's degree from Harvard University. He earned a B.S. Degree from Rutgers University in 1950. While at Yale University, he assisted Frank Beach, a well respected researcher.
After he graduated from Yale University, he accepted his first faculty position at Ohio State University. Six months later, in 1955 he was recruited to be a part of the research team at the U.S. Army Hospital during the Korean War.
Once he had finished his time at the U.S. Army Hospital, the director of the Fels Research Institute contacted Kagan to ask him to direct a project that was funded by the National Institutes of Health, which he accepted. After that project was completed, he accepted the offer he received from Harvard University to be involved in creating the first Human Development program. Once he moved to Harvard, he remained there until retirement, with the exception of a leave to go and study children in San Marcos. He did this for a year, from 1971 to 1972, and then returned to Harvard as a professor.
Kagan won the Hofheimer Prize of the American Psychiatric Association in 1963. In 1995, He won the G. Stanley Hall Award of the American Psychological Association (APA).
While at Fels, Kagan did extensive research on personality traits beginning with infancy and continued through adulthood. He looked at whether or not early experiences affected the participants' future personalities, talents and characters. Kagan read up on all of the longitudinal information that was prepared, specifically, the responses to intelligence tests that were administered to them. When Kagan was reviewing the material collected in childhood and adulthood, he found that the first three years in childhood showed little relation to the data collected in adulthood. The results of the Fels study was discussed in Kagan's book, Birth to Maturity, in 1962.
Kagan's next research was in San Marcos, Guatemala. During this time, Kagan discovered that biological factors play a huge role in development and an even larger part in child development. Specifically, he found that these children had slower Psychological development when in their homes due to their restricted experiences. Once the children were walking and could leave the home, Kagan found that the psychological delay in development was only temporary, and that cognitive growth is malleable. In 2010, Kagan was involved in a similar study that focused on specific parts of the brain involved in behavioral inhibition in infants. Schwartz et al. (2010) performed a longitudinal study involving 18-year-olds and used neuroimaging to detect whether or not the ventromedial or orbitofrontal cerebral cortex are associated with the high/low reactivity of their 4-month-old selves. After undergoing a battery of tests, the infants were later categorized into two groups: low-reactive and high-reactive temperament. Results showed that the adults who had low-reactive infant temperaments had greater thickness in the left orbitofrontal cortex than the high-reactive group. The adults categorized as high-reactive infants displayed greater thickness in the right ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
While at Harvard University, Kagan studied infants up to two years and published his work in his book, The Second Year. Kagan's research found that there were major changes in Psychological functioning between 19 and 24 months, and that one year old children were sensitive to events that deviated from their normal experiences. Kagan also looked at the effects of infant daycare in response to Congress' proposal to fund federal day care centers for working mothers. Richard Kearsley, Philip Zelazo and Kagan created their own daycare in Boston's Chinatown, and compared these infants to infants who stayed at home with their mothers. This research revealed very little difference between the infants in day care and those whose mothers stayed at home with them with respect to cognitive functioning, language, attachment, separation protest, and play tempo
Kagan proposed that emotion is a psychological phenomenon controlled by brain states and that specific emotions are products of context, the person’s history, and biological make-up. Kagan also explained emotion as occurring in four distinct phases, including the brain state (created by an incentive), the detection of changes in bodily movement, the appraisal of a change in bodily feeling, and the observable changes in facial expression and muscle tension. These emotions vary in magnitude and usually differ across ages and when expressed in different contexts.
Kagan questioned relying on individual's verbal statements of their feelings. He provided several reasons for this; he argued that the English language does not have enough words to describe all emotional states, the words to explain emotional states do not convey the differences in quality or severity, and translating emotion words from one language to another produces variations and inaccuracies. In addition, Kagan argued that research in emotion studies should be free of ambiguous and coded terms, and this emphasis on specificity remains a recurring theme in his current research on emotion.
According to Kagan, (conventionally):
Temperament is perhaps what Kagan is best known for. He began his work on temperament after his research in Guatemala. Kagan primarily focused on children’s fear and apprehension. He defined two types of temperament; inhibited and uninhibited. Inhibited refers to a shy, timid, and fearful profile of a child, whereas uninhibited refers to the appearance of bold, sociable and outgoing behaviours. In 2008, Kagan and several other researchers conducted a study to examine if behavioral inhibition in adulthood can be predicted by certain behavioral characteristics in infants. The research hypothesized that the frequency of infant reactivity based on motor and crying dimensions is predictive of behavioral inhibition. As a result of his ground breaking work on temperament, we know that these characteristics have the ability to influence later behavior depending on how they interact with the environment. Kagan also believed that there is no guarantee of an indefinitely stable profile considering environmental factors are always changing and that both genes and environmental factors influence a child's temperament 
He is the author of:
Some of the books Kagan has written or co-written include:

Lebowakgomo is the seat of the Lepelle-Nkumpi Local Municipality and was the capital of the former Bantustan of Lebowa. Lebowakgomo lies 45 km southeast of the Limpopo capital of Polokwane.
The township was established in the early 1970s to become the capital of Lebowa, and was enlarged and developed in the 1980s. The name is derived from two Northern Sotho word " (north) and "Kgomo"" (cow). The land where Lebowakgomo is located was donated to the former Lebowa Government by Chief Mmutle Mphahlele of the "Bakgaga ba gaMphahlele". The chief's palace lies 10 km southeast of the township in Seleteng village.
Lebowakgomo was one of the eight townships in the former Bantustan, the seven others being Mahwelereng, Sešego, Mankweng, Lenyenye, Namakgale, Praktiseer, Mašišing and Senwabarwana. Lebowakgomo is also the birth place of the Great Kamza Mbathero.
In the early 1990s, Lebowakgomo had three primary schools in Zone A (Little Bedfordview, Mogodumo and Ntseekgopu), in Zone F (Dr Dixon Mphahlele) and in Zone B (Eureka), and three high schools: Derek Kobe High School, Lebowakgomo High School, SJ van der Merwe and towards the late 90s Lebowakgomo Commercial, and Mathomomayo High School.Before 2005 two more primary and secondary schools were built in zone A and zone S
Notable people from Mphahlele and Lebowakgomo include: 

original film poster
source:www.affichescinema.com

WebCT Vista is a teaching and learning enterprise software run and developed by Blackboard Inc. It is principally used by universities and other education institutions as classroom management software, and as a distance education service. 
Depending on the use of it by the lecturer, WebCT Vista can include class notes, audio streaming of the classes, quizzes and forums.

Psychoeducational assessment and intervention target a student's function within his or her educational setting.

original film poster
source:www.moviegoods.com

Engineer Filippo Fiorentini founded the Fiorentini & C. S.p.A. factory of excavators in 1919 in Rome, Italy. He imported and distributed construction equipment. During the time of Fascism, restrictions banned import and Ing. Fiorentini started his manufacturing plant in Via Tiburtina near Stazione Tiburtina (San Lorenzo, in Roma) for the construction of excavators such as scrapers/draglines and cranes under the license of an American company named Bucyrus.
The first excavators (models FB35 and FB38) were entirely built on site from 1930 to 1940. Around the 1930s, Fiorentini also opened a factory in Fabriano.
Fiorentini machines assisted all major Italian public works from 1930s . New models were scheduled to be produced but were delayed by World War II. During the war, in 1943, 117 workers died in the factory attacked by bombs dropped by the American military (Grassi, 2012). Eng. Filippo Fiorentini and his wife died shortly after of broken heart. Their only son, Giuseppe, also an Engineer, had the courage to start a new business activity, and in 1951 he was so successful that he was ranked at the top of Rome tax payers. The Ing.F.Fiorentini & C. S.P.A. relocated further along the Tiburtina road, to a bigger plant, more modern and very effective. After World War II, the company produced FB50, 60, 100 and the massive FB200 that could hold 1000 tons. In the 1960s, there were some design changes. The company also produced bulldozers and hydraulic excavators. 
By studying Russian, Ing. Giuseppe travelled to the Soviet Union and sold two big contracts with their ministry Machino Import, of some 1000 cranes to be used in the enormous project of the Transiberian Pipeline.
At that time the Company had won a technical and commercial battle against other companies from Germany much bigger ones than the Ing. F.Fiorentini & C. of Rome. As the sales were strong, both inside Italy for the reconstruction, and in Russia, the Company hired as many as 1000 employees, who were working in three plants (Rome, Fabriano, in Italy) and Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
In 1956 Count Giuseppe Fiorentini bought a second castle after the San Gallo castle in Nettuno, from prince Barberini, the farm estate and castle of San fabiano. A hunting resort, San Fabiano was useful for its public relations, where he invited many of his clients, such as the Russian Ambassador Rijov, and Mac Cormick of International Harvester. In fact the Company was designing and manufacturing cranes, excavators and crushing plants and represented for Italy the industrial line of H.I.
But in the sixties, things started to decline economically.
After a major setback in his industry in Rome, he took advantage of a national reform, that abruptly stopped the centennial rules of MEZZADRIA, where the Landlord was the owner of everything and the contadini the farmers were living in the farmhouses with the cows, and they were not paying a rent, but the output of their work would be split 50/50 with the Landlord.
In 1975, engineer Giuseppe Fiorentini, the son of the company's founder, filed for bankruptcy and the company was obtained at no cost by another Italian company named Gepi. Gepi then changed its name to Nuova Fiorentini, meaning "New Fiorentini".
Grassi, L. (2012). "Bunker di Roma, Guida ai Rifugi Anti-aerei." Sotterranei di Roma, Roma, IT.

Phi Delta Kappa Fraternity, International (ΦΔΚ) (also known as "PDK" or "PDK International") is a US professional organization for educators. Its headquarters are located in Bloomington, Indiana. It was founded on 24 January 1906. 
Currently, membership consists of educators and others interested in education. Members are affiliated through one of several hundred chapters or directly to the international organization.
According to the organization’s website, “The mission of Phi Delta Kappa International is to promote high-quality education, in particular publicly supported education, as essential to the development and maintenance of a democratic way of life. This mission is accomplished through leadership, research, and service in education
PDK is governed by an International Board, who are elected by professional PDK members. Each geographic region of PDK elects its own regional board member to serve on the international board. Regions contain chapters and elected chapter officers who act to further the mission of the association. The association abides by the Constitution and Bylaws of PDK International.
"Phi Delta Kappan" is a professional journal for education, published by Phi Delta Kappa Fraternity, International, since 1915. It deals with policy and issues for educators at all levels, and advocates "research-based school reform." It is currently published in association with SAGE Publications. 
"EDge" is PDK’s bimonthly magazine that focuses on topics of interest to “superintendents, principals, curriculum supervisors, specialists, and classroom teachers.”
"Classroom Tips" is a one-page publication that contains ideas for how K-12 teachers can create positive change in their classrooms.
PDK’s initiatives include the annual Chalk Walk and the Future Educators Association. The goal of the Chalk Walk is to raise funds “to generate great teachers for the future while honoring great teachers of the past and present.”
PDK also sponsors the Future Educators Association (FEA). FEA is an international organization that supports middle and high school students interested in education-related careers. Through affiliation with local chapters that are registered with the international office, FEA members are presented with scholarship opportunities, as well as age-appropriate materials and activities that help them gain a realistic understanding of the nature of education and the role of the teacher.
Additionally, PDK, International is a major participant in Jumpstart's Read for the Record program, which promotes literacy by encouraging adults and students all over the world to read the same book on the same day. The association also offers international trips for educators who want to observe education systems in other countries.


Sombhu Mitra (22 August 1915 – 19 May 1997) was a legendary Indian film and stage actor, director, playwright, reciter and an Indian theatre personality, known especially for his involvement in Bengali theatre, where he is considered a pioneer. He remained associated with the Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA) for a few years before founding the "Bohurupee" theatre group in Kolkata in 1948. He is most noted for films like "Dharti Ke Lal" (1946), "Jagte Raho" (1956), and his production of "Rakta Karabi" based on Rabindranath Tagore's play in 1954 and "Chand Baniker Pala", his most noted play as a playwright.
In 1966, the Sangeet Natak Akademi awarded him with its highest award, the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship for lifetime contribution, then in 1970, he was awarded the Padma Bhushan, India's third highest civilian honour, and in 1976 the Ramon Magsaysay Award.
Born in Calcutta (now Kolkata), India, on 22 August 1915, Sombhu Mitra was the sixth child of three sons and four daughters born of Sarat Kumar Mitra, an employee of the Geological Survey of India, and Satadalbasini Mitra. His mother died when he was 12 years old.
He started his schooling in Chakraberia Middle English School, Calcutta and later continued in the Ballygunge Government High School, Calcutta, where he developed interest reading Bengali plays and became active in school dramatics. He joined St. Xavier's College at the University of Calcutta in 1931, and soon started attending the local theatre.
His first appearance in Bengali theatre was in Rangmahal Theatre in north Kolkata in 1939, thereafter he moved to the Minerva, Natyaniketan and Srirangam theatres.
In 1943, he joined Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA). In 1944, several old theatrical conventions were broken when the play "Navanna" written by Bijon Bhattacharya and co-directed by Sombhu Mitra for IPTA was staged. In 1948, Sombhu Mitra formed a new theatre group, Bohurupee in Kolkata, which ushered the group-theatre movement in West Bengal.
He married Tripti Mitra née Bhaduri, who was also a celebrated personality in the Bengali theatre. Their daughter, Shaoli is a noted actress, director and playwright.
Under Sombhu Mitra's direction, the Bohurupee staged several successful productions. In December 1950, the Bohurupee presented three plays in the New Empire theatre – Tulsi Lahiri's "Pathik" and "Chenda Tar" and Sombhu Mitra's own creation, "Ulukhagra". In 1954, Rabindranath Tagore's "Rakta Karabi" was staged by the Bohurupee, followed by his "Bisarjan", "Raja" and "Char Adhyay". Other notable productions include Bidhyak Bhattacharya's "Tahar Namti Ranjana" and "Kanchanranga". Under his direction, this group also presented the Bengali adaptations of several well-known dramas from the world stage. Henrik Ibsen's "Putul Khela" (Doll's House), "Dashachakra" (An Enemy of the People) and Sophocles' "Raja Oidipaus" (Oedipus Rex) are notable amongst them.
In these productions he performed as "Rahimuddin" in "Chenda Tar", "Atin" in "Char Adhyay", "Binod" in "Ulukhagra", "Tapan" in "Putul Khela", "Dr. Purnendu Guha" in "Dashachakra", "Oidipaus" in "Raja Oidipaus".
He died in Kolkata.
Sombhu Mitra performed in several movies in Bengali and Hindi. The notable among them are:
He wrote the story and screenplay of "Jagte Raho" (1956) and also co-directed it along with Amit Maitra. He also directed a Bengali movie, "Shubha Bibaha" in 1959.
Sombhu Mitra received many national and international awards, which include the Crystal Globe for "Jagte Raho" at the 1957 Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, the "Desikottama" from Visva Bharati University in 1989, an honorary D. Litt from both Rabindra Bharati University and Jadavpur University in Kolkata, the Ramon Magsaysay Award in 1976 for journalism, literature and creative communication arts and the Padmabhushan in the same year. He received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship in 1966. For his contribution in the movies, he won the Grand-Prix Award at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival. Madhya Pradesh Government honoured him with "Kalidas Samman" (1982–83).

The Twister supersonic separator is a compact tubular device which is used for the removing water and/or hydrocarbon dewpointing of natural gas. The principle of operation is similar to the near isentropic Brayton cycle of a turboexpander. The gas is accelerated to supersonic velocities within the tube using a De Laval nozzle and inlet guide vanes spin the gas around an inner-body which creates the "ballerina effect" and centrifugally separates the water and liquids in the tube. Hydrates do not form in the Twister tube due to the very short residence time of the gas in the tube (around 2 milliseconds). A secondary separator treats the liquids and slip gas and also acts as a hydrate control vessel. Twister is able to dehydrate to typical pipeline dewpoint specifications and relies on a pressure drop from the inlet of about 25%, dependent on the performance required. The fundamental mathematics behind supersonic separation can be found in the Society of Petroleum Engineers paper (number 100442) entitled "Selective Removal of Water from Supercritical Natural Gas". The closed Twister system enables subsea gas treatment subsea .
It is a product of Twister BV, a Dutch firm affiliated with Royal Dutch Shell.
UOP a Honeywell company invested in the company since 2011. 

Thanks 02:46, 18 October 2006 (UTC)
Not sure if I signed in correctly? 15:37, 22 October 2006 (UTC)
This is my real name. I would be happy to start an account with an new name, but if that is the direction you suggest, how can I delete my existing edits and exercise my right to vanish?
 05:10, 30 October 2006 (UTC)
(Sorry - someone else was logged in on this machine and I didn't notice) Hi Warofdreams - as I said, unfortunately, when I apply for a new account with the different name as suggested by the username policy, the system won't let me - it says: "Login error: The name "FlossieT" is too similar to the existing account "Flossiet". Please choose another name." I'd really like to use *this* username but with the correct capitalisation (so that it doesn't look like a typo...) Many thanks, 
Thank you very much. 04:01, 7 November 2006 (UTC)
Thank you very much. 04:01, 7 November 2006 (UTC)
 Unfortunately, that name already exists. Please choose another. 02:16, 10 November 2006 (UTC)
Yes change it to apainter33
 The username already exists. 01:42, 16 November 2006 (UTC)
 The username you have requested already exists. 03:04, 17 November 2006 (UTC)
 Please follow the instructions at the top of the page and use the template as directed. If you need assistance with how to use the template, please feel free to ask for help on . 05:36, 17 November 2006 (UTC)

Cedric R. Bozeman (born March 7, 1983) is an American professional basketball player.
Born in Los Angeles, California, Bozeman attended Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana alongside Jamal Sampson and USC Heisman Trophy winner, Matt Leinart. He was a member of the high school's top-ranked Mater Dei Monarchs basketball team. Bozeman later played college basketball with the UCLA Bruins. 
During his Freshman year, he played In 26 games (21 starts). Was a Honorable-Mention Pac-10 All-Freshman Team Selection after averaging 3.5 assists per game (8th In Pac-10), At The Ucla Basketball Banquet Awards He Won The Seymour Armond Memorial Award As The Most Valuable Freshman. As A Junior, He Started All 28 Games, and Led The Pac-10 In assists per game (5.5) and assists (155), at the end of the year banquet, he was given the bruin hoopsters jd morgan memorial award for outstanding team play.
Bozeman was not drafted in the NBA, but found his way into the league through the Atlanta Hawks where he averaged 1.1 points in 23 games with five starts before being waived in January 2007. Soon thereafter he was quickly picked up by the Albuquerque Thunderbirds of the NBA D-League. Bozeman went overseas to play for the Belgium-based Telindus Oostende basketball club and averaged 4.6 points per game over ten games. The former Bruin went on to play another season in Europe, this time with the Polish Czarni Słupsk club during the 2007–08 season.
In 2010, he signed with Belgacom Liège in Belgium.
For the 2011-12 season, Bozeman joined the Reno Bighorns of the NBDL. At the end of December 2011, the Bighorns waived Bozeman due to injury. However, he later rejoined the team.
In 2012, he joined the Barangay Ginebra Kings of Philippine Basketball Association as their import for the Governors Cup. Later in 2012, he signed with the Westports Malaysia Dragons.
For the 2013-2015 seasons, Bozeman joined The Toshiba Brave Thunders of the Japanese NBL where he won a championship for the 2013-2014 season.

Philippine television drama, also known as "teleserye", Filipino telenovelas or P-drama, is a form of melodramatic serialized fiction in television in the Philippines. Teleserye is rooted from two words: "tele," which is short for "television," and ""serye"," a Tagalog term for "series" and "drama" for drama.
Teleseryes share some characteristics and have similar roots with classic soap operas and "telenovelas", yet the teleserye has evolved into a genre with its own unique characteristics, often working as a social realist reflection of Filipino reality. Teleseryes are aired in prime-time, sometimes afternoon, five days a week. They attract a broad audience crossing age and gender lines, and they command the highest advertising rates in the Philippine television industry. The series last anywhere from three months to a year, or even longer, depending on their rating.
Other forms of Philippine dramas include "serials" and "anthologies," which are usually shown on a weekly basis. These dramas are also intended to air a finite number of episodes usually lasting one season depending on the ratings.
Soap operas in the Philippines originated when "Gulong ng Palad" (Wheel of Fortune) was first heard on the radio in 1949. The genre then expanded into television in the early 1960s. The first Philippine TV soap opera was "Hiwaga sa Bahay na Bato" (The Magic Stone House) in 1963, and was produced by ABS-CBN. "Larawan ng Pag-ibig" (Picture of Love), "Prinsipe Amante" (Prince Amante), and many others soon followed.
The Radio Serial was also the longest-running spanned serial that spanned for decades by the co-writer and revival writer Loida Virina in the mid-1970s. The story was also made into a soap starring Marianne Dela Riva as Luisa and Ronald Corveau as Carding in the decade where rising soaps began. It also made stars out of the young Romnick Sarmenta and also Beth Bautista who was a model and famous actress in the 1980s. The soap also starred veteran actress and character actress Caridad Sanchez whose time in showbiz has spanned for more than six decades until today.
From 1972 to 1986, however, in the advent of the martial law period imposed by the former Marcos regime, ABS-CBN was closed by the government, leaving RPN-9 and GMA as the only two commercial television networks in the country. In the 1970s and mid-1980s, RPN-9 and GMA emerged as Philippines' fiercest rivaling television stations, and were the only domestic networks allowed to broadcast nationwide for most of the time being.
The late 1970s and 1980s oversaw two of the country's most iconic rival television dramas that stood out to their popularity until today. RPN-9 produced "Flordeluna", starring award-winning actress Janice de Belen. The cast also included "Drama King" Dindo Fernando and award-winning actress and director Laurice Guillen. At the same time, GMA produced the hit tale "Anna Liza" starring child actress and FAMAS awardee Julie Vega. This marked one of the biggest rivalries in Philippine showbiz history between Vega and de Belen (despite being highlighted as bestfriends offscreen). However, "Anna Liza" was cancelled in 1985 due to Julie Vega's death and as a result, the series had an unfinished storyline and a two-hour special. Both series were already controversial from the start due to the rivalry as well between the fanbases of Vega and de Belen.
Until the late 1980s, most of the popular Philippine television dramas had been broadcast in afternoon timeblocks. At the same time, ABS-CBN resumed operations after the expulsion of the Marcos dictatorship in 1986 and regained its lead among rival networks in audience ratings by the end of the decade. By the 1990s, however, a new wave of international television phenomenon would soon sweep the Philippines as well. This started with the 'Telenovela Craze' due to imported Mexican dramas shown in the country. Largely credited to the so-called "Las Tres Marias" or Maria Trilogy of telenovelas produced by the world-leading Televisa and starred by Thalía (starting with "Maria Mercedes" shown on ABS-CBN and "Marimar" shown on RPN-9, both as primetime shows), major networks had begun to reschedule locally made telenovelas into primetime slots to encourage more Filipino audiences to watch at night and for advertisers to invest more on these shows. By the mid-1990s, melodramas surpassed sitcoms (both in number of shows produced and in nationwide audience ratings) as the most dominant form of primetime television in the Philippines.
The 1990s television dramas boosted the careers of several actors and actresses that became household names in the Philippines during and after the end of their shows' original runs. However, there were key long-running dramas that stood out due to its popularity. For example, the ABS-CBN drama "Mara Clara", running from 1992 to 1997, gained nationwide popularity due to the intense rivalry between Judy Ann Santos as the protagonist Mara and Gladys Reyes as the evil antagonist Clara. The series became the longest-running post-Martial Law telenovela in Philippine television history, and had experienced frequent timeslot changes before settling into the standard 7:00 P.M.-8:00 P.M. primetime block by late 1995. "Mara Clara" is also credited for being the country's first ever successful telenovela to spawn a similarly successful movie (under the same name). Santos would later on continue her television success between 1997 and 1999 with her most iconic drama series to date, titled "Esperanza". A film was also made after this drama's finale in 1999. A 1997 "Esperanza" episode currently holds the record for the all-time highest rated single episode for any Philippine television series.
The telenovela "Valiente" ran from 1992 to 1997; its first 2 and a half years on ABS-CBN, and 2 years on GMA-7. Judy Ann Santos remains at the time the "Primetime Queen" of Philippine television and earned the title "Queen of Soap Operas" for her roles in "Mara Clara" and "Esperanza". But in mid-1997, another series, "Mula sa Puso" (From The Heart), gave fame to the second "Primetime Queen," Claudine Barretto where she played the heiress Via in the 2-year-long soap, together with her leading men Rico Yan and Diether Ocampo, and Princess Punzalan as Selina, the most influential character of the series. Punzalan's antagonist performance was highly regarded among the best on Philippine television, setting standards for future Filipino telenovela villains. The intense rivalry between the characters of Punzalan and Jacklyn Jose (as Via's mother Magda) became an icon for most of the succeeding decades on Philippine television. Simultaneously running with "Esperanza", both programs pioneered crossover episodes among Philippine telenovelas during the same period, and "Mula sa Puso" spawned another successful movie after its finale in 1999.
Meanwhile, rival network's GMA retained and even popularized their afternoon serialized dramas form in the same period such as "Villa Quintana" with lead stars Donna Cruz as Lynette Quintana and Keempee de Leon as Isagani Samonte with Isabel Rivas as Stella Quintana which airs from 1995 to 1997. This was followed by "Ikaw Na Sana" with lead characters Angelu de Leon as Blanca Rosales Perez / Susan Saavedra and Bobby Andrews as Rafael Huico with Gladys Reyes as Angela Rosales which airs between 1997 and 1998, and a film was made after this show. At the peak of both GMA shows' fame, however, they were moved to primetime slots by the end of the 1990s in response to ABS-CBN's rise on national television with their primetime serials, a foreshadow of what would eventually be the touted primetime television series blocks of both rival networks.
Modern Philippine television dramas have begun to evolve to today's modern form called "teleserye", a portmanteau of the Filipino words "telebisyon" ("television") and "serye" ("series"). The term originated from the ABS-CBN hit drama "Pangako Sa 'Yo", airing from 2000 to 2002 and starring Jericho Rosales and Kristine Hermosa. Also known for the heated rivalry in the show between actresses Eula Valdez and Jean Garcia, "Pangako Sa'Yo" is dubbed as the country's first ever teleserye and was considered one of the most significant turning points in Philippine television history due to its pioneering cinematic production and modified story structure distinguishing it from previous Filipino telenovelas. It was broadcast internationally in many networks across the Americas, Africa and Asia, and remains the most successful Philippine television series internationally. "Pangako Sa 'Yo" remains as the record-holder of the all-time highest rated series finale episode for any locally made program in Philippine television history.
"Pangako Sa 'Yo" effectively became the highest rated teleserye by average, both domestically and internationally, in all of Philippine television history, and inspired ABS-CBN to produce (in mid-2002) its leadout teleserye, "Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay". Already concluded in 2003, the show introduced the highly acclaimed tandem of John Lloyd Cruz and Bea Alonzo as one of the country's most successful long-established television and film loveteams until today. Also known for the iconic performance of Lorna Tolentino as the protagonist twins Lorrea and Lorrinda Guinto, it became the nation's first ever local television series to become a finalist to the Best Drama Series category of the International Emmy Awards in 2003, marking the rise of the Philippines on the world television programming stage.
Rosales and Hermosa, along with Diether Ocampo and Angelika dela Cruz, would altogether star in another teleserye classic, "Sana'y Wala Nang Wakas". Airing between 2003 and 2004, "Sana'y Wala Nang Wakas" became the world's first ever drama series allowing its viewers to choose the story's ending through text messaging. Another groundbreaking teleserye of ABS-CBN was "Basta't Kasama Kita", airing around the same period as of "Sana'y Wala Nang Wakas". Starring Judy Ann Santos and Robin Padilla, the show was notable for its depiction of the country's National Bureau of Investigation and for being the country's first ever local television series to broadcast a live series finale episode in 2004. This introduced the live format of series finales among fictional series on Philippine television - a feat only few teleseryes had accomplished until today. Both series followed "Pangako Sa'Yo" to be broadcast abroad, marking the rise of Philippines to international prominence in television drama production.
ABS-CBN's fortunes would soon increase with "Saan Ka Man Naroroon" starring Claudine Barretto on lead role as triplets Rosemarie, Rosenda and Rosario. The show was critically acclaimed and became one of the few groundbreaking shows of the 2000s in the Philippines starring a female lead character, as well as the country's first teleserye with at least two characters portrayed simultaneously by one actor. Barretto would consequently gain prominence for her lead role on "Sa Dulo Ng Walang Hanggan" a timeless love story of the undying love of Angeline Crisostomo/Angelina whose mistakes that appear in the present had also happened in the past; it uncovered the lies and the love of all around her which was actually reincarnated into the present. She is also the lead star of the popular teleserye "Marina". Airing in 2004, the show popularized the fantasy theme throughout most of the incoming teleseryes in the Philippines. ABS-CBN's dominance on Philippine television ratings would soon be challenged when rival GMA Network introduced an all-fantaserye primetime slate by 2005, through the successful broadcasts of female-lead shows such as "Encantadia" and "Mulawin".
ABS-CBN would soon emerge as one of Asia's biggest exporters of television dramas by the mid-2000s. Several of its popular teleseryes in the early 2000s include the 2006 remake of "Gulong ng Palad"; its cast included Kristine Hermosa as Luisa, TJ Trinidad as Carding and Cherie Gil as Philiomena "Menang" Medel, the corrupt town mayor and also the main antagonist of the series. The role of Mimi was given to Andrea del Rosario and Rio Locsin as Caridad "Idad" Santos. The series was popular amongst international viewers, through TFC. In 2007, the remake of "Maria Flordeluna" starred young actress Eliza Pineda as the titular character. It also starred Albert Martinez as Leo Alicante, Eula Valdez as Mary Jo Esperitu and John Estrada as Gary Alvarado. The series ran for 93 episodes and won the PMPC Star Awards Best Television Series in 2008, and popularized the trend of remaking classic child-starred Philippine telenovelas of the past.
To pit against its rival network, GMA Network started producing their own set of primetime soap opera starting with the top-rating drama series, "Ikaw Lang Ang Mamahalin" starring drama actress Angelika dela Cruz which aired from 2001 to 2002 and "Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga" starring Dingdong Dantes. It was successfully shown in Malaysia and other Asian countries. Another was the political drama, "Kung Mawawala Ka" also became one of the most loved powerful dramas which revolved on politics and even on issues of corruption. Starring Eddie Garcia as the show's main character (and lead antagonist), it also showed the dramatic abilities of actresses Hilda Koronel, Liza Lorena and Gloria Diaz as the powerful wives. The series ran between 2001 and 2002 and also won a PMPC Award from the Philippine Movie Press Club. It was also the most popular GMA-made drama (as well as the most successful single telenovela) pitted against the ongoing television drama "Pangako Sa 'Yo" which also reached its end in 2002.
In the mid-2000s, however, original programming temporarily declined for Philippine television in favor of film-turned-TV remakes. Prominent shows under this genre include "Panday" which starred Jericho Rosales and Heart Evangelista, and the remake of "Mga Anghel na Walang Langit" and "Kampanerang Kuba" which starred Anne Curtis, all made by ABS-CBN. GMA earned ratings foothold against its main rival ABS-CBN during this time when it brought life to "Darna", a role reprised by the most famous Darna of all time, Vilma Santos (in the late 1970s and early 1980s), and starring Angel Locsin in its first television remake. The "sineserye" genre was introduced on Philippine television in this decade through "Bituing Walang Ningning" which starred Sarah Geronimo and Angelika de la Cruz, reprising the iconic roles of Sharon Cuneta and Cherie Gil won prominence and also produced a concert. It also came to be known as having "The Grand Finale" as this introduced the format of series finale stretched to 5 days on the final week on Philippine television. "Bituing Walang Ningning" remains the all-time highest rated regular musical television drama series in the Philippines.
By the late 2000s, GMA-7 and ABS-CBN would soon embark on one of the country's most heated rivalries for the most watched television network. GMA aired its 2007 remake of the international telenovela "MariMar" which starred Marian Rivera and Dingdong Dantes (then remade in 2015 for a second time with the same title starring Megan Young and Tom Rodriguez). The remake, highlighted as one of the world's most successful international remakes of any former Latinovela, boosted GMA's short-term dominance as the most watched television network in the country during the year. Meanwhile, during the second half of 2000s, three ABS-CBN-made TV series became viral: the remake of the 1977–1985 soap opera "Gulong ng Palad", the teleserye "Sa Piling Mo" and the series "Maging Sino Ka Man". The latter became the most popular teleserye internationally after "Pangako Sa'Yo" and boosted the careers of John Lloyd Cruz, Bea Alonzo, Sam Milby and Anne Curtis.
On the year 2008, ABS-CBN produced its most expensive series Lobo about two opposing groups in the story—the Luna and the Waya. The members of the Luna organization have a grudge against the werewolves while the Waya are the protectors of the Lobo (the werewolves), and they want them to co-exist harmoniously with normal humans. This series produced 2 more sequel Imortal on 2010 and La Luna Sangre on 2017.
The year 2008 also marked the international success of the Philippine remake of the world-hit Colombian original telenovela Yo soy Betty, la fea. Starring Bea Alonzo, it became the most successful Philippine remake of any Latinovela since the 2007 Marimar remake starring Marian Rivera on GMA Network. Alonzo's portrayal gained widespread prominence through most of Asia on her titular character. In 2009, the series remake of AnnaLiza was shelved which was to star Maja Salvador and Jason Abalos, but finally revived again in 2013 (with child star Andrea Brillantes in the title role).Together with the earlier success of the 2007 remake of "Maria Flordeluna" and the 2010 remake of "Mara Clara", starring Julia Montes and Kathryn Bernardo, ABS-CBN popularized the concept of revival of previously massive hit telenovelas of the previous decades on Philippine television.
By the 2010s, ABS-CBN and GMA Network would rival in their claims as the most watched network in the Philippines. While GMA Network appeals to most of the viewers in Mega Manila (through their shows that are said to be Manila-centric in setting) beginning the mid-2000s, most primetime shows from ABS-CBN appeal widely to other regions in the country, particularly in the sought-after audiences of Visayas and Mindanao. Local media experts attribute this trend to ABS-CBN's return to original Filipino programming. This was initiated by the success of the 2009 teleserye "May Bukas Pa". Starring Zaijian Jaranilla as the iconic Santino, the show became the most successful child-starred Philippine television series since the 1985 demise of the original "Anna Liza" of Julie Vega on GMA Network. "May Bukas Pa" also became the first Philippine television series to have lasted at least one full year (since "Sa Dulo ng Walang Hanggan" in 2001-2003), ending in 2010 as the most watched television program of the 2010s on Philippine television.
Beginning 2011, however, the transfer of some actors and actresses between ABS-CBN and GMA became a common trend on Philippine television. Moreover, both networks' hold on primetime television programming in the country would soon be challenged by TV5 with its debut teleserye offering in "Babaeng Hampaslupa", which starred with Alex Gonzaga, Alice Dixson and Susan Roces. To date, its most recent offering was the 2016 series "Bakit Manipis ang Ulap?" (produced by Viva Entertainment, based on the 1985 film of the same title created by Danny Zialcita) with Diether Ocampo, Claudine Barretto, Cesar Montano and Meg Imperial.
2010s also marked the start of broadcast of teleseryes induced with storylines known to have reflected some of the controversial issues facing the Philippines nowadays. For instance, Julia Montes and newcomer Coco Martin starred in the 2012 ABS-CBN hit "Walang Hanggan". Known for tackling issues on adultery and infidelity among Filipino households, the romantic drama featured the primetime return of veteran actors Richard Gomez and Dawn Zulueta, and also gained wide popularity in most of Southeast Asia during its run, becoming the first Philippine television series to win in its ratings timeslot in all of its episodes. This also marked Martin's rise among the country's foremost television actors, as well as one of the only few to successfully transition from the independent movie industry to mainstream media industry.
Another popular ABS-CBN teleserye was the 2012-2013 series "Ina, Kapatid, Anak". Known for the heated on-and-offscreen rivalry of both actresses Kim Chiu and Maja Salvador during its run, as well as the primetime comeback of veteran actresses Cherry Pie Picache and Janice de Belen, the show gained national prominence for its open discussion of mother surrogacy - a topic previously but highly prohibited on Philippine media - and using the University of the Philippines (the country's national university) as its main setting. Salvador would later team up with Angel Locsin in the highly acclaimed 2014 series "The Legal Wife" in the same network. The show, which also talked about infidelity and adultery, marked the primetime comeback of Jericho Rosales and the first ABS-CBN primetime show by newcomer JC de Vera, was known for its controversial open-ended series finale among Locsin, Salvador and Rosales' characters. The family-oriented ABS-CBN daytime romantic drama "Be Careful With My Heart" (aired by ABS-CBN), starring Jodi Sta. Maria and Richard Yap, became the first teleserye to exceed 2 years in its overall run (from July 9, 2012 until November 28, 2014 with a total of 622 episodes). The show has since become the most successful Philippine television series on daytime block in and out of the Philippines.
GMA Network, however, scored a major milestone by being the country's first ever television network to air a gay-themed primetime series. In 2013, the short-lived but popular teleserye "My Husband's Lover", starring newcomer Tom Rodriguez, as well as Dennis Trillo and Carla Abellana, emerged as a hot topic of national conversation due to their portrayal in the show, which discussed about homosexuality - a widespread but controversial topic given the country's longstanding Catholic values and teachings. It has also gained prominence for being a widely viewed show despite being pitted against the simultaneously running "Ina, Kapatid, Anak" that has also since become a hit in and out of the Philippines. GMA Network would soon gain its ratings momentum with its 2016-2017 remake of its iconic fantaserye (portmanteau for "fantasy-themed" teleserye) "Encantadia", marking the trend for revivals of 2000s teleseryes on Philippine television.
Jodi Sta. Maria would later team up with Angelica Panganiban, Ian Veneracion, Kathryn Bernardo and Daniel Padilla in the widely talked-about 2015 remake of "Pangako Sa'Yo" (still under ABS-CBN), which garnered mixed reviews but wide commercial success in one of the first few successful remakes of hit 2000s Philippine teleseryes. More teleseryes earned renewed international popularity by 2016, courtesy of "Bridges of Love" (that ran from March 16 to August 7, 2015 on ABS-CBN), starring Rosales, Salvador and Paulo Avelino, under the title "Puentes de Amor", the first Philippine drama aired in Latin America, which began on April 25, 2016 on Panamericana Televisión in Peru. The same year, Martin starred in the currently running 2015 series "Ang Probinsyano", gaining national attention for its bold portrayal of the country's ongoing anti-illegal drugs campaign despite renewed nationwide television censors by the MTRCB. ABS-CBN's recent announcement of the show's run extension until 2018 made "Ang Probinsyano" the longest-running overall teleserye to ever debut in the 21st century on Philippine television.
2010s also marked the renewed popularity of long-term afternoon dramas on Philippine television after a temporary decline in the late 1990s. From 2014 to 2016, GMA broadcast "The Half Sisters" which starred teen actresses Barbie Forteza and Thea Tolentino. Also noted for the performances of veteran actors Jomari Yllana and Jean Garcia, the show became the network's most successful teleserye in and out of the Philippines since the 2013 final episode of "My Husband's Lover". Julia Montes topbilled the ABS-CBN hit afternoon teleserye "Doble Kara", which ran between 2015 and 2017. The show was moved in early 2016 to the 3:20 PM time slot after its noontime show "It's Showtime" extended their time occupation then it competed the remake of "Sinungaling Mong Puso" in its rival GMA Network. Due to its continuous high ratings, it was extended and became the network's first teleserye to air for more than a year since the 2014 final episode of "Be Careful With My Heart". Its leadout teleserye "Tubig at Langis", airing in 2016, earned nationwide popularity because of the intense rivalry of lead actresses Cristine Reyes and Isabelle Daza as Irene and Clara, respectively.
During the same decade, the live format for teleserye final episodes returned on Philippine television for the first time since the finale of GMA's 2007 Philippine remake of "Marimar". ABS-CBN earned national attention in 2016 alone for concluding the runs of short-lived but otherwise popular teen-oriented primetime shows "On the Wings of Love" and "Born for You". "On the Wings of Love" was the first primetime show starring newcomer tandem James Reid and Nadine Lustre, while "Born for You" became the first musical-themed teleserye on Philippine television since the end of ABS-CBN's 2006 television adaptation of "Bituing Walang Ningning", and marked the primetime debut of Janella Salvador (after starring in "Be Careful With My Heart") and network newcomer Elmo Magalona.
On 2017, ABS-CBN pioneered the first Philippine live drama entitled Titig ng Pag-Ibig which was a 3 part drama.
The range of popularity of Philippine drama since the early 2000s had spun overseas, becoming popular throughout Asia and Africa, and has appealed widely to overseas Filipino communities in North America as well. Teleseryes have since evolved distinctly from most of the world's telenovelas throughout decades and highlight the country's position among the world's most successful television drama producers. Several of the Philippine teleseryes had emerged as among the most watched television programs in even difficult markets such as Indonesia, Malaysia and China. Considered one of the country's most vital economic and cultural exports, they are often dubbed into local languages, and sometimes has English and other foreign subtitles displayed when imported into those markets.
ABS-CBN is among the pioneering television producers in Asia to have exported their classical dramas, several of which reflect the reality of Filipino (and other similar Asian) societies, and have a universal message. "Pangako Sa 'Yo" ("My Promise to You") is one of the most successful Philippine dramas abroad. Prior to topping the national television ratings in China in the mid-2000s, the story gained wide popularity to more than 1 billion viewers alone in Southeast Asia and Africa. ABS-CBN also introduced a website called ABS-CBN International Sales, for easy access to their shows. Other ABS-CBN shows like "Sana Maulit Muli" (Taiwan), "Lobo" (dubbed as "She-Wolf: The Last Sentinel"), "Tayong Dalawa", "Dahil May Isang Ikaw", "Kahit Isang Saglit", "Katorse", the 2010 version of "Mara Clara" (remake), "Magkaribal" and "Walang Hanggan" were also exported. These were followed by simultaneous broadcasts of shows such as "Ina, Kapatid, Anak", "May Bukas Pa", "Forevemore", "On the Wings of Love" and the currently airing television adaptation of "Ang Probinsyano" at around the same time in the Philippines and overseas by the mid-2010s as a result of their popularity in and out of the country.
GMA Network followed suit through "Boys Next Door", a teen melodrama, which was the first Philippine television series aired in South Korea (which is considered among one of the top rival exporters of television series in Asia). The 2007 Philippine adaptation of "MariMar" became GMA's all-time most successful television series in and out of the Philippines, and was aired to wide popularity in Thailand, Malaysia, China, Singapore, Indonesia, Cambodia, Vietnam, Uganda, Tanzania, Kenya and Hawaii. Other GMA shows such as "Habang Kapiling Ka", "Kahit Kailan", "Bakekang", "Muli", "Impostora", "Mga Mata ni Anghelita", "Dyesebel" and "Encantadia" are still broadcast in some countries in Asia and Africa. Both ABS-CBN and GMA are considered top exporters of television dramas to most of Southeast Asia and Africa in the recent years.
In recent years, Philippine television drama has gained international recognition from international award-giving bodies, cementing the reputation of the Philippines among the world's most prolific television drama producers. Most of these nominated dramas were from ABS-CBN. It started with "Lobo", winning the Best Telenovela category in the 30th BANFF World Television Festival. Several dramas were also nominated in the International Emmy for the telenovela category, including ABS-CBN's "Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay", "Dahil May Isang Ikaw", "Kahit Isang Saglit" and GMA's "Magdusa Ka" and "My Husband's Lover". "Magkaribal" of ABS-CBN was recently nominated in the 2011 New York Festivals TV and Film Awards. Another show, "Eva Fonda" managed to win awards from the Seoul International Drama Awards where also the lead actress Cristine Reyes managed to get a nomination as Best Leading Actress and a special award for the show. Angel Locsin and Jodi Sta. Maria were the first 2 Filipino actresses to be nominated at the International Emmys for Best Actress in a Drama Series for their respective roles in the 2009 series "Lobo" and the 2015-2016 remake of "Pangako Sa 'Yo".

Logo for the Shire of Williams, Western Australia.

The Shire of Williams is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about southeast of the state capital, Perth. The Shire covers an area of , and its seat of government is the town of Williams.
The Williams Road District was created in 1871 as one of the first regional local government areas in Western Australia. On 1 July 1961 it became a shire following the enactment of the "Local Government Act 1960".
Until 2002, the Shire was divided into 3 wards - North West (1), North East (1) and Central (3). On 3 May 2003 all wards were abolished and councillors sit at large.

A load bank is a device which develops an electrical load, applies the load to an electrical power source and converts or dissipates the resultant power output of the source.
Consequently, a load bank can be further defined as a self-contained, unitized, systematic device that includes load elements with control and accessory devices required for operation.
Whereas the “real” load is served by the power source and uses the energy output of the source for some productive purpose, the load bank serves the power source, using its energy output to test, support or protect the power source.
Load banks are used in a variety of applications, including:
The three most common types of load banks are resistive, inductive, and capacitive. Both inductive and capacitive loads create what is known as reactance in an AC circuit. Reactance is a circuit element's opposition to an alternating current, caused by the buildup of electric or magnetic fields in the element due to the current and is the "imaginary" component of impedance, or the resistance to AC signals at a certain frequency. Capacitive reactance is equal to 1/(2⋅π⋅f⋅C), and inductive reactance is equal to 2⋅π⋅f⋅L. The unit of reactance is the ohm. Inductive reactance resists the change to current, causing the circuit current to lag voltage. Capacitive reactance resists the change to voltage, causing the circuit current to lead voltage. 
A resistive load bank, the most common type, provides equivalent loading for both generators and prime movers. That is, for each kilowatt (or horsepower) of load applied to the generator by the load bank, an equal amount of load is applied to the prime mover by the generator. A resistive load bank, therefore, removes energy from the complete system: load bank from generator—generator from prime mover—prime mover from fuel. Additional energy is removed as a consequence of resistive load bank operation: waste heat from coolant, exhaust and generator losses and energy consumed by accessory devices. A resistive load bank impacts upon all aspects of a generating system.
The load of a resistive load bank is created by the conversion of electrical energy to heat via high-power resistors such as grid resistors. This heat must be dissipated from the load bank, either by air or by water, by forced means or convection.
In a testing system, a resistive load simulates real-life resistive loads, such as incandescent lighting and heating loads as well as the resistive or unity power factor component of magnetic (motors, transformers) loads.
The most common type uses wire resistance, usually with fan cooling, and this type is often portable and moved from generator to generator for test purposes. Sometimes a load of this type is built into a building, but this is unusual.
Rarely a salt water rheostat is used. It can be readily improvised, which makes it useful in remote locations.
An inductive load includes inductive (lagging power factor) loads.
An inductive load consists of an iron-core reactive element which, when used in conjunction with a resistive load bank, creates a lagging power factor load. Typically, the inductive load will be rated at a numeric value 75% that of the corresponding resistive load such that when applied together a resultant 0.8 power factor load is provided. That is to say, for each 100 kW of resistive load, 75 kVAr of inductive load is provided. Other ratios are possible to obtain other power factor ratings. An inductive load is used to simulate a real-life mixed commercial loads consisting of lighting, heating, motors, transformers, etc. With a resistive-inductive load bank, full power system testing is possible, because the provided impedance supplies currents out of phase with voltage and allows for performance evaluation of generators, voltage regulators, load tap changers, conductors, switchgear and other equipment.
A capacitive load bank or capacitor bank is similar to an inductive load bank in rating and purpose, except leading power factor loads are created, so reactive power is supplied from these loads to the system, hence improves the power factor. These loads simulate certain electronic or non-linear loads typical of telecommunications, computer or UPS industries.
An electronic load bank tends to be a fully programmable, air-or water-cooled design used to simulate a solid state load and to provide constant power and current loading on circuits for precision testing.
Where a diesel-electric locomotive is equipped for dynamic braking, the braking resistor may be used as a load bank for testing the engine-generator set.

Interstate 80 (I-80) is a part of the Interstate Highway System that runs from San Francisco, California, to Teaneck, New Jersey. I-80 enters Illinois from Iowa in the west, southwest of Rapids City and runs generally eastward through East Moline, LaSalle and Joliet, before entering Indiana in Lansing. The interstate runs for approximately through the state.
In the 1920s, two state highways followed the general alignment that I-80 takes. In 1932 US 6 was extended through Illinois, paralleling the alignment that I-80 in Illinois. Construction started in 1957 and I-80 was completed in 1968. In the early 1990s Illinois wanted to reroute I-80 in the Quad Cities area. At the same time the section of I-80 that is concurrent with I-294 was reconstructed. The portion of I-80 that is concurrent with the Kingery Expressway was rebuilt in the mid-2000s.
Interstate 80 extends from west to east across the northern portion of the state through the population centers of Quad Cities and the south Chicago suburbs. The freeway is mostly maintained by Illinois Department of Transportation (IDOT), with Illinois State Toll Highway Authority (ISTHA) maintaining the section of I-80 that is concurrent with the Tri-State Tollway. The busiest section of the freeway is between I-94 and IL 83 interchanges in Lansing approximately 181,200 vehicles used the freeway on average each day in 2011; in contrast the lowest traffic level was 16,400 vehicles between the IL 78 and IL 40 interchanges in Henry and Bureau Counties. I-80 contains between a minimum of four lanes and a maximum of ten lanes total. The majority of the highway runs through farmland and urban areas.
I-80 enters Illinois on the Fred Schwengel Memorial Bridge over the Mississippi River, southwest of Rapids City. After leaving the bridge the interstate has a folded diamond interchange with IL 84. The highway heads south, as a four-lane interstate, passing on the east side of Quad Cities. Eastbound I-80 traffic has access to an Illinois Welcome Center. The road has a clover leaf interchange with the western terminus of I-88. After the interchange with I-88 the highway crosses over Rock River. The interstate has a diamond interchange with U.S. Route 6 (US 6), before having an interchange with I-74 in East Moline. At this interchange I-80 turns easterly paralleling US 6 and leaving the Quad Cities area. East of Quad Cities the interstate passes through rural farmland as a four-lane interstate. The road passes south of Geneseo, with the city having one interchange at IL 82. The road passes south of Atkinson, before passing over US 6 and a railroad track.
After crossing over the railroad tracks the interstate has an interchange with IL 78, north of Annawan. The interstate continues towards the east having a folded diamond interchange with IL 40, before having rest areas on both side of the roadway. The highway passes on the north side of Princeton, having an interchange with IL 26, near a commercial part of the city. I-80 passes over US 34, before leaving Princeton and having an interchange with northern terminus of I-180. The interstate has a rural interchange with IL 89, before entering LaSalle. In LaSalle the highway, has a diamond interchange with 103 Road, just north of the Illinois Valley Regional Airport. The highway has an interchange with IL 251, with commercial properties around the interchange. I-80 has an interchange with IL 351, just south of the Mitchells Grove Nature Preserve, before having an interchange with I-39/US 51.
After the interchange with I-39, I-80 leaves LaSalle, heading towards the east passing through rural farmland. Between 12th road and 14th Road the interstate passes the AASHO Road Test site, one of old test loops used for testing different types of road surfaces in the 1950s. The interstate enters Ottawa and has an interchange with IL 23, near many commercial businesses. After IL 23 the freeway leaves Ottawa and crosses over the Fox River, before having an interchange with IL 71. The road passes through rural farmland, having a few rural interchanges before entering Morris. In Morris the roadway curves toward the northeast, having an interchange with IL 47, near many commercial properties. The highway leaves Morris, passing through farmland, having a rural interchange with a county road. Both directions of I-80 have a rest area before entering Minooka. In Minooka the interstate curves the east, before turning back towards the northeast and leaving the village. The road enters Will County by curving towards the northeast. The interstate curves towards the east, before having an interchange with I-55.
After I-55, I-80 enters Joliet, passing near many warehouses. The road has an interchange with IL 7, before passing near residential. The road crosses over the Des Plaines River on the Des Plaines River Bridge. After the river the freeway has an interchange with US 52/IL 53. The interstate has an interchange with a city street, before crossing over a railroad tracks. After the railroad tracks the freeway has a diamond interchange with another city street. The road has a folded diamond interchange with US 30, before passing southeast of Potawatomi Woods County Forest Preserve. While passing through the preserve the roadway becomes a six-lane interstate. The interstate has an interchange with the southern terminus of the Veterans Memorial Tollway (I-355). The residential properties end and the highway passes through a more industrial area, before passing through the Yankee Woods (Cook County Forest Preserve).
After the preserve the interstate has an interchange with I-57. I-80 joins the Tri-State Tollway (I-294) heading towards the east as a ten-lane tollway. The tollway passes over a rail yard, before having an interchange with IL 1. After IL 1 the roadway narrows to eight-lanes and passes through the Thornton Quarry. The interstate passes under the Chicago Southland Lincoln Oasis, before passing north of Wampum Lake. After passing the lake the tollway has an interchange with I-94. At this interchange with I-94 the Tri-State Tollway and I-294 both end, with I-94 running concurrent with I-80 towards the east. The concurrency between I-80 and I-94 travels on a freeway locally known as the Kingery Expressway. The interstate has a single-point urban interchange (SPUI) with IL 83 and the western end of US 6 concurrency. East of US 6 exit the freeway become a ten-lane interstate, passing near residential properties. The road enters Indiana and the freeway name becomes Borman Expressway.
The IDOT operates 5 rest areas and ISHTA operates one Oasis in 163 miles of interstate highway. Along I-80, there are three locations that have facilities for each direction of traffic. Parking areas are divided so passenger automobiles are separated from semi trucks. Common among most of the rest stops are restrooms, payphones with TTY capabilities, weather information, picnic areas and vending machines. The eastbound rest area near Rapid City does not allow large trucks and doesn't have vending machines or TTY capabilities.
The Oasis is the Chicago Southland Lincoln Oasis, located in South Holland. Like most of the other Oasis this location has several fast food restaurants, gas stations, convenience store, visitors center and free wireless internet. This Oasis is one of the few with an electric vehicle charging station. The Chicago Southland Lincoln Oasis was originally named Lincoln Oasis, the ISHTA added Chicago Southland to the name. The change was made to better represent the area around the Oasis. The Oasis' name was changed in February 2006 changing the name officially to the Chicago Southland Lincoln Oasis.
In 1917 many sections of named highways, made up the route that current I-80 takes through Illinois. The first was the Blue Line, it was routed between Rock Island and Princeton. The second section was named Sunset Trail and it traveled between Princeton and Ottawa, passing through LaSalle. Illinois Valley Trail went from Ottawa to Orland Park. From Orland Park to the Indiana state line no named highway was available. The first state highways along the I-80 corridor were numbered IL 7 from the Rock Island east to the Orland Park area and IL 53 from Orland Park east to Indiana state line in 1923. The United States Numbered Highway System was approved on November 11, 1926, and US 32 was routed between Rock Island and Princeton. East of Princeton US 32 followed a route closer to current US 34. US 6 was commissioned in Illinois in 1932 replacing US 32 west of Princeton, IL 7 between Princeton and Joliet, and IL 53 from Joliet to the Indiana state line.
Construction of a test track for the Interstate Highway System between Utica and Ottawa began in 1952. The test track had six different segments of roadway, with different types of surfaces. One of the old test tracks can still be seen from I-80. The first section of I-80 to open was the section that is known as the Kingery Expressway, this section open in 1957, as US 6. In October 1958 the test track west of Ottawa opens to testing. The section of I-80 that is concurrent with the Tri-State Tollway was opened in 1958. November 1960 the testing at the test track is complete. The interstate opened between IL 71, near Ottawa, and I-55, near Joliet, in 1960. The segment of roadway between IL 23 and IL 71, near Ottawa, open in 1961. In 1962 the highway was extended west to IL 89, near LaSalle, replacing and paralleling the test track most of the way to Utica. Also in 1962, another section of road open between US 67 and IL 78. During 1964 and 1965 the gap between IL 78 and IL 89 was completed and opened to traffic. The north-south section of I-80 in Illinois was open in 1967. The last section of I-80 to open was the section between I-55 and the Tri-State Tollway, with it opening 1968.
In 1990 and 1991, IDOT proposed rerouting I-80 onto present day I-280, with current I-80 becoming I-74. IDOT listed safety concerns and cost savings as reasons to reroute I-80. Iowa officials challenged the reroute of I-80 and the routes of I-74 and I-80 never changed. Between 1991 and 1992 the section of I-80 that is concurrent with the Tri-State Tollway was reconstructed and widened to eight-lanes. Between 2003 and 2007 construction to widen the Kingery Expressway, the project costed $460 Million. This was the first major project on the Kingey Expressway since it was opened in the 1950s. In the spring of 2011, IDOT began construction to widen a section of freeway to six-lanes between US 30 and US 45. This project had an opening ceremony on October 24, 2012, with the project costing $26 million.

OPLAN 1003–98 was the United States military's pre-2002 contingency plan in event of a war with Iraq. It originally called for 500,000 troops for the invasion and control of Iraq.
Tommy Franks' "American Soldier" gives extensive details of the replanning process that led to the final "Hybrid" plan for the 2003 invasion of Iraq. 

Bentleigh Secondary College is a coeducational public high school in Bentleigh East, Victoria, Australia. Established in 1956, it has been renamed several times before becoming Bentleigh Secondary College. The current Principal is Helene Hiotis.
Bentleigh Secondary College has recently been re-developed. In stage one of the building program, funded by the state government, a new performing arts centre, administration block, and sports stadium were built. The building that was previously the college library has been converted into a VCE centre. A new science block was also completed in late 2008, following the demolition of what was previously B-block and C-block.
The college is made up of eight main buildings:
B-Block and C-Block, both chiefly consisting of general purpose classrooms, were demolished under the college's building program. C-Block also had several textiles, food technology and IT rooms.
The college grounds include a sustainable garden, a football oval and soccer pitches.
One of two languages can be learnt. Students choose from learning Japanese or Indonesian and attend three periods of their elected language per week for Year 7 and 8. After Year 8, LOTE becomes an electives subject.
The college has implemented a Gifted & Talented Program whereby students, based on the results of a standardised test undertaken before entering high school, of high potential to achieve are grouped into one class until the end of year nine.
Performing arts at Bentleigh Secondary College consists of music, drama and dance. With the option to study an instrument, there are several well-developed school bands. The Symphonic Wind Ensemble is the most senior of the bands made up of brass, woodwind and percussion players. This ensemble competed in the Advanced Concert Band section of the Melbourne School Bands festival for the first time in 2009. There is also a concert band, Intermediate Band and Year 7 Concert Band. There are Senior, Intermediate and Junior Jazz Bands, as well as senior rock band which perform at the annual "Big Band Boogie" and on concert nights. In addition to these bands there are a dozen or so small ensembles such as brass ensemble and clarinet ensemble. Also new this year is the college choir, which is open for all students to join.
Every year in the third term, a school production is performed. Past productions have included Fame, The Witches (which toured local primary schools), Alice In Wonderland, Urinetown, Under Milk Wood, Annie, and The Truth.
Footloose was Bentleigh's 2010 School Production. Every show sold out, and the performance demonstrated the many talented students attending Bentleigh Secondary College, giving the school an impressive image.
'Chicago: A Musical Vaudeville' is the School's production for 2011.
For each school Production, the Music Department also organises a Production Band of students and staff to accompany the Actors.
VCE/ Year Twelve subjects offered in 2017:
Accounting
Biology
Business Management
Chemistry
Drama
Design & Technology
English
English As A Second Language
Food Technology
General Mathematics (Further)
General Mathematics (Specialist)
Health and Human Development
History (Revolutions)
Hospitality (VET)
Japanese
Legal Studies
Literature
Mathematical Methods
Media
Musical Performance (Solo)
Physical Education
Physics
Psychology
Studio Art
Visual Communication and Design
At approximately 3:00 am on February 10, 2008, two police officers saw smoke coming from the school and a car leaving this area. The fire has caused more than $100,000 in damage, however the decision of the officers to proceed to the cause of the smoke rather than pursue the culprits prevented further destruction.
In March 2017, two sisters who attend the college were ordered to remove their hair-braids or face consequences by school staff. The sisters, of South Sudanese descent, pointed out that the braids were the healthiest and best way to manage their hair and refused to remove them. The sisters accused the school of discrimination. Media coverage and public outcry resulted from the incident due to the school's perceived lack of racial sensitivity and understanding.


Talmudic law is the law that is derived from the Talmud based on the teachings of the Talmudic Sages. 

The Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway was a branch-line railway built in Scotland, connecting the named places with the main line at Spean Bridge. It opened in 1903.
Serving exceptionally sparsely inhabited areas it was never commercially successful, but it rekindled hostilities between larger railways over a planned railway connection along the Great Glen reaching Inverness; however this scheme never materialised.
Passenger train operation ceased in 1933 and the line closed completely in 1946.
The Great Glen is a natural rift valley that runs from diagonally across the Highlands of Scotland from Fort William on Loch Linnhe in the south west to Inverness on the Moray Firth in the north east.
It forms an easy communication route and as well as roads, the Caledonian Canal was constructed along it by linking natural lochs with canal sections. It opened to sea-going vessels in 1822 but the limited size of the canal sections proved inadequate for general merchant shipping.
In the railway age, Inverness was an important commercial centre, and from 1854 it was the focus of railway communication, and from a company amalgamation in 1865 the Highland Railway was dominant in that area. Agriculture and industry was active in the eastern side of the country and railway development there was more vigorous. By contrast the western side of the area was backward and depressed. The first railway to attempt to reach the west coast was the Dingwall and Skye Railway, authorised in 1865 to build from Dingwall, north of Inverness, to Kyle of Lochalsh, close to the Isle of Skye. In fact the line opened only as far as Stromeferry on Loch Carron, a more difficult anchorage than Kyle of Lochalsh, in 1870. (The Highland Railway later absorbed the Dingwall and Skye Railway, and in 1897 it extended the line to Kyle of Lochalsh.)
An approach to the west coast further south was attempted by the Callander and Oban Railway, by extending from an existing branch line from Dunblane at Callander. Oban was already an important hub of communication with the islands and coastal towns. The construction of this line was also difficult, passing through rocky landscapes with a thin population density. There were serious money problems, but with the considerable support of the Caledonian Railway Oban was at last connected to the railway system in 1880.
Widespread attention was given to the depressed economic conditions in the West Highlands, and in the 1883 Parliamentary session the "Glasgow and North Western Railway" was proposed. It was to leave the North British Railway at Maryhill (on the north west margin of Glasgow) and run by Loch Lomondside and Glencoe to Fort William and Inverness. This was an ambitious scheme, but the Highland Railway saw it as a threat to its supremacy in its area, and it opposed the scheme vigorously; the result was that the Glasgow and North Western Railway was rejected in Parliament.
It was a more modest proposal that actually provided the third link to the western coast: the West Highland Railway, which built a line from Craigendoran, opened in 1894 and extended to Banavie, on the Caledonian Canal, the following year. The West Highland Railway had intended to build their line to Roshven, in the Sound of Arisaig. Major difficulties had arisen with landowners' objections to the Roshven line, and the West Highland Railway contented itself with extending instead to Mallaig from Fort William, and that section opened in 1901.
The West Highland Railway was sponsored by the North British Railway, and hostility flared up between the NBR and the Highland Railway; both companies proposed lines along the Great Glen in 1893. In fact both companies reviewed their intentions and withdrew their schemes, and agreed not to promote further similar schemes for a period of ten years, the so-called "ten year truce".
The contractor and entrepreneur Charles Forman had been active in encouraging the various Great Glen schemes, and now he proposed the Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway; it was to run to Fort Augustus from Spean Bridge on the West Highland Railway. In 1896 the board of the company comprised: 
The scheme attracted considerable local support and it obtained its authorising Act of Parliament on 14 August 1896. The population of Fort Augustus was less than 500, and it was widely assumed that the line was a speculative bid to reach Inverness.
Formans and McCall were appointed engineers of the railway, and James Young of Glasgow was the contractor. Construction started on 2 March 1897 when Mrs Eliza Stewart Ellice, of Invergarry, wife of Captain Ellice, deputy chairman of the company, cut the first turf. but the process was very slow, in part due to an exceptionally high standard of specification for the architectural and engineering assets. Elaborate stations with spacious goods yards were provided. Invergarry had four goods sidings and separate loading banks for cattle and goods.
In April 1900 the directors paid a visit of inspection and travelled over the whole length of the line, which was reported as practically completed. 
The line was 23 miles 13 chains in length to Fort Augustus station; the Pier extension was 73 chains. The first mile and last mile of the railway absorbed around one third of the capital expenditure. From the west end of Spean Bridge the line passed along the banks of the River Spean and through a gorge which required four lattice spans at a maximum height above the river of , one of , two of and one of . After a stretch through wooded countryside, it crossed the river Gloy on a three-span lattice girder bridge of two spans and one span. The line then climbed to the summit of at Letterfinlay. The descent to the Great Glen included the Oich tunnel, and a four-span Calder Burn viaduct to reach Aberchalder. The final stretch followed the shoreline of Loch Uanagan to Fort Augustus town station. From there it crossed the Caledonian Canal on a swing bridge to the pier station on Loch Ness. The line had a ruling gradient of 1 in 66 and was single throughout, although land had been acquired for double track. there were passing loops at all the stations, which were:
The line had cost £344,000 () to construct, or around £14,300 per mile. Michael Bass, 1st Baron Burton had provided £163,000 of the capital required for construction. The line was ready for opening in 1901, but the company had run out of money and had none to purchase locomotives, coaches and wagons. The company approached the North British Railway to operate the line for them. The Highland Railway objected to this and the matter was investigated by Parliamentary authorities. This led to a lengthy delay in agreeing terms of operation. The North British Railway required 60% of the revenue with a minimum of £3,000 each year (). The Highland Railway agreed to operate it at £2,000 per half year. The Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway company had to submit a private bill to parliament to confirm the working arrangement, and this was passed on 30 June 1903.
On 14 July 1903 Colonel John Wallace Pringle inspected the railway on behalf of the Board of Trade and declared it open for traffic. The line opened to passengers on 22 July 1903. The formal ceremony was performed at Spean Bridge by Mrs Eliza Stewart Ellice, of Invergarry, who had cut the first turf in 1897. She was presented by a gold whistle. A large party of invited guests the travelled by train to Fort Augustus where they were entertained by William Whitelaw, chairman of the Highland Railway Company, to luncheon at the Lovat Arms Hotel.
The company appointed Hugh Fraser as stationmaster at Fort Augustus, James Morrison at Invergarry and Donald Macdonald to Gairlochy.
The building of the line was the signal for a resumption of the fight for a railway along the Great Glen: the I&FAR itself as well as the Highland Railway and the North British Railway proposed lines linking to Inverness, but the Highland gained the ascendency. However it was excluded in the Commons from running powers over the I&FAR, and the Highland Bill was subsequently thrown out in the Lords.
By the 32nd section of its Act of Incorporation, the railway was, for the benefit of the owners of the Glengarry estate, required to construct, a permanent station at within 2 furlongs of the South-West end of Loch Oich, "to be called Invergarry Station, for passengers, animals and goods, with separate waiting-rooms for ladies and gentlemen and other usual and necessary accommodation therein" and to "stop all ordinary trains other than express or special or excursion trains at such station daily for the purpose of taking up and setting down traffic of any kind."
A 4-4-0 tank engine, no 52 was generally used as the motive power during the Highland Railway period. There were four trains each way daily. In September 1905, King Edward VII travelled over the line from Spean Bridge to Invergarry with George Cadogan, 5th Earl Cadogan and Countess Cadogan. 
The Fort Augustus Pier station was on Loch Ness and tourist traffic was contemplated. However the dominant steamer operator on the loch, David MacBrayne Ltd, declined to use the railway pier and it saw very little use. The extension to the pier involved a hand-operated swing bridge over the Caledonian Canal and a viaduct over the River Oich. Passenger traffic on the pier extension was suspended from 1 October 1906, although occasional goods trains ran until July 1924 when the extension was finally closed permanently.
In March 1906 many areas of the western Highlands experienced exceptional rainfall and flooding. Describing the dislocation to railways in the Lochaber area the "Scotsman" reported The most serious damage reported, however, occurred on the Invergarry and Fort-Augustus Railway, in the neighbourhood of Letterfinlay, where two large sections of the line have been washed away by the enormous rush of water down the hillside. In consequence of this mishap, no traffic occurred over the line on Saturday.
The line was heavily loss-making, due to the sparse population and the availability of a direct alternative in the steamers on the parallel Caledonian Canal. The Highland Railway decided to cut its losses: confident that its supremacy at Inverness was no longer at risk. It withdrew its trains from 1 May 1907.
The abandonment of the Invergarry and Fort-Augustus Railway by the Highland Railway Company will surprise no-one who knows the conditions under which that line is at present worked. The railway ought really to be a branch and feeder of the West Highland Railway. Beginning at Spean Bridge on the latter system it is laid through a beautiful but sparsely-populated country to Fort-Augustus, midway between Inverness and Fort-William. For a considerable part of the way it runs alongside the chain of lochs forming the Caledonian Canal, and is thus in direct competition to the steamboat traffic on the Canal. Fort-Augustus is a small town of very inconsiderable importance except as a tourist centre, and none of the other villages tapped by the line is large or busy.
The North British Railway took over on 1 May 1907; there was a three-year agreement to work the line for 60% of gross receipts, with a minimum take of £2,000. The NBR operated two trains each way daily, but increased this to four in the summer.
The North British Railway proposed to close the line down from 31 January 1911, but the wealthy sponsors of the I&FAR persuaded them to persevere for one more summer, which they did. The financial situation did not improve and the NBR withdrew its trains from 31 October 1911.
The line was now closed, and for the time being it avoided the operating costs that led to the huge losses, while the company contented itself with taking in small sums of non-railway income. A huge movement of public opinion now took place urging retention of the line, notwithstanding the extremely low usage of it when it was operating. A request for Government support was put forward, though without success, and for the time being the line remained closed.
In 1912 the NBR offered to purchase the line for £22,500 () but the I&FAR company refused the sale. The company offered the railway for sale in December 1912, but were taken to the Court of Session by Lochaber District Comittee, Aird District Committee, the trustee of Edward Ellice and Major Bailey of Invergarry on 5 February 1913 to prevent the assets being sold for scrap. This was referred to the First Division of the Court of Session in March 1913 who found in favour of the complainants and prevented the railway from being sold. 
In 1913 Inverness-shire County Council offered to contribute an additional £5,000 and the sale was agreed at £27,500; by an Act of 28 August 1914 the transfer was authorised by Parliament. 
The NBR resumed working the line on 1 August 1913, as contractors to the I&FAR for the time being; formal transfer to the North British Railway took place on 30 August 1914. There were three trains daily in summer and two in winter. Through trains to and from Fort William were later operated.
The railway suffered two landslides in 1916 which affected services badly. At the end of January, floods caused a landslide resulting in around 1,000 tons of debris blocking several hundred yards of line just east of Invergarry station. In October more heavy rain caused flooding which suspended traffic on the line.
On 2 August 1924, another cloudburst caused a landslide a mile north of Invergarry and a train from Fort Augustus rain into the debris on the line and derailed.
Passenger trains continued until 1 December 1933, when the very poor patronage caused the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER, as successor to the North British Railway) to close the service. Weekly coal trains continued running until they were withdrawn and the line closed on 31 December 1946. The last train to run on the line was on 31 December 1946 with 18 wagons loaded with timber.
After closure, Fort Augustus station was occupied by a company constructing a hydro electric power scheme, and on 30 October 1950, the station building was badly damaged by fire.
A writer for the Railway Magazine had a run on the line in 1940:
Passenger and parcels traffic on the Fort Augustus branch was suspended in November, 1933, and there is now only one weekly coal and petrol train, leaving Spean Bridge at 10.30 a.m. on Saturdays, all other traffic being dealt with by L.N.E.R. motor lorries and David McBrayne’s buses and steamers, the latter in summer only. The locomotive working the branch is an ex-North British 0-6-0 goods, No. 9663, which runs out and home light from Fort William, and makes up its train at Spean Bridge; the latter usually consists of twelve to sixteen wagons and a brake... The branch presents a rather neglected appearance, for several sidings, passing loops, footbridges, signal boxes, and all signalling except for a fixed distant just outside Spean Bridge, have been removed. Leaving Spean Bridge I travelled in the brake, having, in addition to the guard, a bicycle, two passengers, some newspapers, three or four bags of coal and a large consignment of cakes, as companions. We stopped at Gairlochy. the first station out, where the guard’s wife is station-mistress, and I was very interested to see the way in which all of the station buildings have been converted into a camping hostel, similar to the camping coaches, but with fireplaces telephone, water laid on, and "Mrs. Guard” to minister to one’s wants. Similar arrangements have been made at Invergarry and Fort Augustus, the charge averaging £2 to £3 per person per week.
Leaving Gairlochy we passed Invergloy platform, also two sidings put in for timber traffic during the 1914-1919 war, and pulled up at Invergarry. A stationmaster-clerk is in charge here and a similar arrangement obtains at Fort Augustus... A short distance ahead a tunnel is passed, and speed rose to 35 or 40 m.p.h... Passing Aberchalder, the station buildings of which are now let to a fruit merchant, about 20 min. journey brought us to Fort Augustus. Here all the passenger tracks have been removed, except a through line which ran down to the Pier station (closed in 1907). ¾ mile further on a swing-bridge over the Caledonian Canal and a viaduct still remain, together with a few hundred yards of track, but when the Glasgow-Inverness road was reconstructed in 1934-1936 part of an embankment of the pier extension was removed completely and the rails are thus severed. The two-road engine shed is derelict, but the turntable is still in use by the engineer’s Department Ro Railer, which comes up from Fort William occasionally... About 12.15 p.m. the train commences its return journey, which has no stops, save one, at Gairlochy, to pick up the guard's dinner, and Spean Bridge is reached about 1.30 p.m. Gairlochy, Invergarry, and Fort Augustus stations have recently been repainted and numbers of men were at work renovating several bridges: a sleeping van was stationed at Aberchalder for them.
Some of the line today has been built over by roads and holiday parks, although it mostly survives in a reasonably good, if overgrown, condition. The many bridges and single tunnel are in particularly good condition. Some of the line along Loch Oich has been incorporated into the Great Glen Way, and a further section is proposed to become part of National Cycle Route 78.
A restoration project is (2016) under way at Invergarry Station, the last remaining station that is largely intact. The Invergarry Station Preservation Society plan to create a static museum, with a short length of track and several freight wagons.
In March 2015 480 ft of track was laid in platform 1. Work then commenced in constructing the replica signal cabin on the platform.
Video 125 made a video documentary about the line, using the sub-heading: "The line that should have never been built".

State Highway 179 (SH 179) is a short Texas state highway connecting Teague and Dew. The route was designated by 1933 along its current route.

original film poster
source:www.moviegoods.com

This is a depiction of the Tripod of Life (a component of the Flower of Life), representing the Holy Trinity, created by the 07:11, 2 November 2006 (UTC)

Ballina Shire is a local government area in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia. The Shire was formed in 1976 by the amalgamation of the Municipality of Ballina and Tintenbar Shire. The Shire is located adjacent to the "Tasman Sea" and the Pacific Highway. The Council seat is located in the town of Ballina.
The Mayor of Ballina Shire Council is David Wright, an independent politician.
At the 2011 census, there were people in the Ballina local government area, of these 48.0 per cent were male and 52.0 per cent were female. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people made up 3.1 per cent of the population, which was higher than the national and state averages of 2.5 per cent. The median age of people in the Ballina Shire area was 45 years, which was significantly higher than the national median of 37 years. Children aged 0 – 14 years made up 17.9 per cent of the population and people aged 65 years and over made up 21.5 per cent of the population. Of people in the area aged 15 years and over, 49.8 per cent were married and 14.1 per cent were either divorced or separated.
Population growth in the Ballina Shira area between the 2001 census and the was 3.89 per cent; and in the subsequent five years to the 2011 census, population growth was 2.11 per cent. When compared with total population growth of Australia for the same periods, being 5.78 per cent and 8.32 per cent respectively, population growth in the Ballina local government area was significantly lower than the national average. The median weekly income for residents within the Ballina Shire area was significantly lower than the national average.
At the 2011 census, the proportion of residents in the Ballina local government area who stated their ancestry as Australian or Anglo-Saxon exceeded 85 per cent of all residents (national average was 65.2 per cent). In excess of 60% of all residents in the Ballina nominated a religious affiliation with Christianity at the 2011 census, which was significantly higher than the national average of 50.2 per cent. Meanwhile, as at the census date, compared to the national average, households in the Ballina local government area had a significantly lower than average proportion (4.7 per cent) where two or more languages are spoken (national average was 20.4 per cent); and a significantly higher proportion (93.1 per cent) where English only was spoken at home (national average was 76.8 per cent).
Ballina Shire Council is composed of ten Councillors, including the Mayor, for a fixed four-year term of office. The Mayor is directly elected while the nine other Councillors are elected proportionally as three separate wards, each electing three Councillors. The most recent election was held on 10 September 2016, and the makeup of the Council, including the Mayor, is as follows:
The current Council, elected in 2016, in order of election by ward, is:

A. C. Sreehari (born 1970) is a poet in Malayalam literature. His poems are included in many anthologies of Malayalam writing, such as "Yuvakavithakkoottam" (Kottayam: D. C. Books, 1999), "Kavithayute Noottaantu" (Kottayam: S.P.C.S., 2001) and "Palathu" (Kottayam: D.C. Books, 2003). His first solo collection of poems was "Vayanavikrithi" (Kottayam: D.C. Books, 2006, 
Sreehari has received the N. N. Kakkad Award (1996), V. T. Kumaran Award (1997) and Vyloppilly Award (1999)
Sreehari is a co-consultant editor of the "Ethirdisa Monthly", published from Payyanur. He is on the staff of the English Department of Payyanur College, Payyanur, affiliated with the University of Kannur, Kerala state, India.

Incipient wetness impregnation (IW or IWI), also called capillary impregnation or dry impregnation, is a commonly used technique for the synthesis of heterogeneous catalysts. Typically, the active metal precursor is dissolved in an aqueous or organic solution. Then the metal-containing solution is added to a catalyst support containing the same pore volume as the volume of the solution that was added. Capillary action draws the solution into the pores. Solution added in excess of the support pore volume causes the solution transport to change from a capillary action process to a diffusion process, which is much slower. The catalyst can then be dried and calcined to drive off the volatile components within the solution, depositing the metal on the catalyst surface. The maximum loading is limited by the solubility of the precursor in the solution. The concentration profile of the impregnated compound depends on the mass transfer conditions within the pores during impregnation and drying.


The South African Council of Churches (SACC) is an interdenominational forum in South Africa. It was a prominent anti-apartheid organisation during the years of apartheid in South Africa. Its leaders have included Desmond Tutu, Beyers Naudé and Frank Chikane. It is a member of the Fellowship of Christian Councils in Southern Africa.
The South African Council of Churches exists to lead common Christian action that works for moral witness in South Africa, addressing issues of justice, national reconciliation, integrity or creation, eradication of poverty, and contributing towards the empowerment of all those who are spiritually, socially and economically marginalised. [(c) SACC]
The SACC is governed by a national conference that meets once every three years. The resolutions of the conference are implemented by a central committee that meets annually. The committee is chaired by either the president or a vice-president of the Council. An executive committee is elected by the central committee and meets at least four times a year. The officers of the Council include a president, vice-presidents, and a general secretary who acts as executive officer.
[dates need verification]
[dates need verification]
Bishop Ziphozihle Siwa ( Methodist Church of Southern Africa) 2014+ Current
The SACC headquarters at Khotso House in Johannesburg were destroyed by a bomb on August 31, 1988. The Truth and Reconciliation Commission later found that State President PW Botha had personally ordered the bombing. Former Minister of Law and Order Adriaan Vlok and several senior policemen applied for and were granted amnesty for the bombing. The bombing party was directed by Eugene de Kock, then commander at Vlakplaas, a secret facility of the security branch of the South African Police force.
During the anti-apartheid struggle, the SACC was in alliance with liberation movements such as the African National Congress (ANC). In recent times, there have been claims that the ANC has marginalised the Council in favour of Pastor Ray McCauley's National Interfaith Leadership Council which the SACC was excluded from and that there are also tensions between the two organisations. The SACC has also been extremely critical of the ANC for its role in the September 2009 militia attacks on Kennedy Road informal settlement calling for an independent investigation into police inaction and the release of community leaders associated with Abahlali baseMjondolo and the Kennedy Road Development Committee.



Healdtown Comprehensive School is a Methodist school located near Fort Beaufort, Eastern Cape Province, South Africa. It was established in 1855 and assuming its current name in 1994, having been known for most of its history as simply "Healdtown". The founder was John Ayliff, a Wesleyan Methodist missionary from England. It was closed in 1865 and reopend in 1867 as a center for theological and teacher training. In 1880 the theological school was moved to another place, and the Teacher Training School remained. Girls were admitted to study there in 1898. In 1925 a high school course was added. The government took over the school in 1956 due to the Bantu Education Act of 1953. The hostels remained in the hands of the Methodist Church. 761 students used the hostels in 1967.
Prominent former pupils include

Logo for the Shire of Wagin, Western Australia

The Shire of Wagin is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about southeast of the state capital, Perth. The Shire covers an area of about , and its seat of government is the town of Wagin.
The Arthur Road District was created in 1887, and was renamed Wagin in 1905. In July 1906 a separate Municipality of Wagin was created to serve the town, while the Road District continued to serve the surrounding area. In 1961 the Municipality was abolished, and a new Town Ward was created within the district.
On 1 July 1961, it became a Shire under the "Local Government Act 1960".
The shire was divided into wards until 1991, but wards were abolished and councillors now sit at large. there were 11 councillors.

Hans Merensky (16 March 1871 in Botshabelo – 21 October 1952 on his farm Westfalia near Duiwelskloof) was a German South African geologist, prospector, scientist, conservationist and philanthropist. He discovered the rich deposit of alluvial diamonds at Alexander Bay in Namaqualand, vast platinum and chrome reefs at Lydenburg, Rustenburg and Potgietersrus, which led to some of the largest platinum mines in the world, phosphates and copper at Phalaborwa in the Transvaal lowveld, gold in the Free State and the world’s biggest chrome deposit at Jagdlust near Pietersburg.
Hans Merensky was born on 16 March 1871 at Berlin Missionary Society station Botshabelo, near Middelburg in Transvaal, where his father, Alexander Merensky (1837–1918), a noted ethnographer and author, was the resident missionary. Keenly interested in minerals and enjoying outdoor living, he studied mining geology after finishing his schooling in Germany. He was awarded a doctorate in mining geology from the University of Charlottenburg in Berlin. He completed his practical training in coal mines in the Saarland and in Silesia and began work for the Department of Mines in East Prussia. In 1904 he came to South Africa to conduct some geological surveys in the Transvaal. He discovered tin near Pretoria and reported to the Premier Diamond Mine regarding possible mining prospects. He worked for several mining companies and Friedlaender & Co. sent him to Madagascar to investigate a reported discovery of gold, which turned out to be false. He resigned from his job in Germany and moved to Johannesburg where he became a successful consulting geologist.
In 1909 he visited the diamond fields of South West Africa and controversially predicted that diamonds would be found along the West coast and south of the Orange River. In 1913 Merensky lost his entire fortune due to the Depression, and was interned at a camp near Pietermaritzburg. During these financially difficult years he enjoyed the support of Sir George Albu.
In 1924 he followed up the discovery of alluvial platinum by A F Lombard on his farm in Lydenburg and discovered its source in the Bushveld Igneous Complex which set him on the road to financial recovery. This deposit came eventually to be known as the Merensky Reef, which contains 75 per cent of the world's known platinum resources.
In 1926 diamonds were found at Alexander Bay and Merensky received £1,250,000 for his prospector's share. He established the Phosphate Development Corporation Ltd. - FOSKOR - to manage the extraction of phosphates at Phalaborwa.
In his final years he lived unostentatiously on his farm Westfalia near Duiwelskloof in Transvaal, where he received local celebrities and foreign dignitaries. He died on 21 October 1952.
Merensky allotted the larger part of his fortune to the Hans Merensky Trust to ensure that his projects in agriculture, horticulture and forestry operations on the Westphalia Estate would be continued after his death. He established the Hans Merensky Library at the University of Pretoria.
In 2004, Martin Enlen directed a German language movie called Platinum based on Hans Merensky’s life. Both overdubbed and subtitled English versions of this movie exist.
The Hans Merensky Wilderness, a protected area in Limpopo, and Merensky High School, an agricultural and academic public school on a farm near Tzaneen, are named after him.

Phosphatidylmyo-inositol Mannosides (PIMs) are a family of glycolipids found in the cell wall of "Mycobacterium tuberculosis". PIMs influence the interaction of the immune system with "M. tuberculosis", and mice that develop antibodies for this family of glycolipids are better at sustaining or defeating a "M. tuberculosis" infection. Thus, PIMs are important glycolipids associated with "M. tuberculosis", but are also likely involved with the process by which "M. tuberculosis" subverts the immune system.

Styhead Pass & Tarn

Acrelândia is a municipality located in the easternmost portion of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 8,695 and its area is 1,575 km², which makes it the smallest municipality in that state.

Victoria Park is an inner south eastern suburb of Perth, Western Australia. Its local government area is the Town of Victoria Park.
Victoria Park is the eastern gateway to Perth's central business district, being the intersection of the three original eastern arterial roads: Albany Highway, Canning Highway, Great Eastern Highway, and the Causeway Bridge. The Causeway connects Victoria Park to the city, located 3 km to the northwest.
The suburb of Victoria Park derives its name from "Victoria Park Estate", a development that took place there in the 1890s. It is believed the name was given to the estate because Queen Victoria was still on the throne, although it may be connected with Victoria Park in Melbourne.
The area was originally the largest portion of a grant of to John Butler in 1831. Progress and development was initially very slow, but a few houses were built around coach stops on the Albany Road, initially constructed from hand-sawn wooden logs. The road was rebuilt in the early 1860s by convicts. At this time the entire area from Canning Bridge to Belmont was simply known as "Canning".
In 1886, a settlement started at "2 Mile Spring", opposite the present location of the Broken Hill Hotel, and a year later, subdivision commenced. The building of the railway to Pinjarra in 1893 had a huge effect on the area - within a few years, a state school was built on Cargill Street and by 1898, the population had reached 1,197.
The following year, Broken Hill Hotel and the Town Hall were constructed, serving as both a community centre and as the council office for the Victoria Park Municipality (until amalgamation with the City of Perth in 1917). The Town Hall was later demolished, while the Broken Hill Hotel is listed by the National Trust.
A tram service commenced in 1905, and by 1917 the population had reached 5,000, and had at their disposal electric lighting, a public library (1903), police station (1906), post office (1912), bowling club (1913) and two hotels, as well as several banks and numerous commercial enterprises and factories. After World War I, Albany Highway was bitumenised, and the commercial centre on either side of the road grew to rival centres in more established areas.
While by 1937 considered a "working man's district", by the mid-1970s the area had a higher-than-average elderly population according to ABS statistics, and the development of townhouses in place of some of the original dwellings saw increasing gentrification as city workers settled in areas closer to the Perth CBD. In 1993, Burswood was approved as a name for the northeastern part of Victoria Park, and split away from it.
The Causeway Bridge was the first major bridge engineering project in or about Perth, and involved augmenting the Heirisson mudflats into a proper island. The mudflats were at that time an important resource for the Noongar Indigenous Australians. The current bridge is the "third edition":
Victoria Park is bounded by the Swan River to the northwest, Shepperton Road, Harper Street and the Armadale railway to the northeast, Miller and Kent Streets to the southeast and a line 61 m southwest of Berwick Street to the southwest. The suburb is mostly residential, although Albany Highway is a commercial "high street" and a number of parks can be found - most notably McCallum Park on the river, Raphael Park and the smaller Read Park and Hawthorne Park.
At the ABS 2001 census, Victoria Park had a population of 6,980 people living in 3,998 dwellings. Over a quarter of Victoria Park's residents live in unit or apartment blocks. The ABS identified property and business services and retail as the primary occupations, followed by health, manufacturing, hospitality and education. 15.2% of those surveyed were from East or South-East Asia, while sizable Italian and South Asian minorities were reported.
Victoria Park is a major transit route, being the intersection point of the Canning Highway to South Perth, Applecross and Fremantle; the Great Eastern Highway to Belmont and Perth Airport; the Albany Highway to Cannington and Armadale; and The Causeway to Perth's CBD. Albany Highway runs through the suburb as a main shopping street.
Victoria Park is served by the Victoria Park train station on its northeastern corner, and by the Victoria Park bus station on the eastern end of The Causeway. All services are operated by the Public Transport Authority.
Victoria Park's only booth, Homestead Seniors Centre, is marginal at federal level, and supports the Australian Labor Party at state elections. Nearby booths in East Victoria Park consistently support the Australian Labor Party at both levels of government.

The 1739 cricket season was the 142nd in England since the earliest known definite reference to cricket in January 1597 (i.e., Old Style – 1598 New Style). Details have survived of seven important matches. The growth of cricket is evident in the creation of teams representing the Rest of England and the huge public interest in them, a crowd of over 10,000 assembling for one match. The "all England" teams were formed to take on Kent which, as in previous seasons, had the game's strongest county team. Cricket joined the art world in 1739, an engraving called "Youth Playing Cricket" being the earliest known cricket subject on public display.
The following matches are classified as important:
The earliest known cricket picture was first displayed this year, an engraving called "Youth Playing Cricket" by Hubert-François Gravelot (1699–1773). The picture showed two groups of cherubic lads gathered around a batsman and a bowler. The wicket shown is the "low stool" shape, probably wide by tall, naturally with two stumps and a single bail. Gravelot helped to establish the French Rococo style in English publishing and was one of the most celebrated illustrators of the time. He worked in England between 1732 and 1745, opening a drawing school on the Strand which had Thomas Gainsborough (1727–1788) among its pupils.
Due to construction work on the site, 1739 was the last year in which cricket could be played in Lamb's Conduit Field. Thomas Coram's Foundling Hospital was established there in 1739.
"Monday, 20 August". A 12-a-side game was organised on Coxheath Common by the Earl of Middlesex and Lord John Sackville between teams from the Sevenoaks ("aka" the Hills) and Maidstone ("aka" the Dales) areas.
According to Maun on page 96 of his book, there was an Essex v London match in Ilford on "Monday, 1 August" ("sic"), but this is an error as 1 August 1739 was a Wednesday. The match in question is the one played on Monday, 1 August 1737 (qv).

Geoff Snider (born 2 April 1981) is a Canadian lacrosse player from Calgary, Alberta. He is known as a dominant faceoff man and a very physical player. He currently plays professionally for the Calgary Roughnecks of the National Lacrosse League and the Charlotte Hounds of Major League Lacrosse.
Growing up, Snider played for the Calgary Hornets in the CDLA (Calgary District Lacrosse Association) Snider's Junior lacrosse career began with the Burnaby Lakers of the British Columbia Junior A Lacrosse League. In 1998, 2000 and 2002, he helped the Lakers win the Minto Cup as Canada's champion junior men's lacrosse team. He continues to play with the Senior "A" Coquitlam Adanacs in the Western Lacrosse Association, leading them to win the 2007 WLA championship.
Snider honed his physical game in the summer box lacrosse seasons and in junior hockey. With the a junior ice hockey Calgary Canucks, of the Alberta Junior Hockey League, Snider racked up 415 penalty minutes during the 2001-02 season. In lacrosse he has developed a reputation as being one of lacrosse's top fighters.
Snider attended the University of Denver. In 2006, with the Pioneers he was named a third-team All-American. His 194 recorded groundballs as a senior holds the record for a single season groundballs in NCAA lacrosse. In addition he holds the standard for highest average groundballs per game in a season with 11.41.
Snider was drafted by the Philadelphia Wings of the National Lacrosse League in the first round (fourth overall) of the 2006 NLL Entry Draft. 
Snider made an immediate impact on the league and was named the NLL's January Rookie of the Month. Snider scored 13 points (6G, 7A), collected 53 loose balls and won 53 of 79 face-off attempts in five games during his first month of action in the league. He was also the only rookie voted onto the 2007 All-Star team, and won the Accuracy challenge in the All-Star game Skills Competition. After the season, Snider was named to the 2007 All-Rookie team.
On 26 January 2008, Snider put his name in the record books again when he won the opening face-off in a game against the Buffalo Bandits and scored :05 seconds into the game. This goal is the league record for fastest goal to start a game.
In the 2008 season, Snider was named to the All-Star team, and was named game MVP after scoring three goals, recording 28 loose balls, and winning 31 out of 38 face-offs. He set league records in loose balls (244), faceoffs won (318), and penalty minutes (103), and fell just short of tying his own faceoff winning percentage record of 75%, winning 73.8% of his faceoffs.
During the 2009 NLL season, he was named a starter to the All-Star Game but was unable to play due to injury when he suffered a tracheal fracture (windpipe) in a game against the Edmonton Rush. Snider was also named to the 2012 All-Star game and scored 4 goals, added 2 assists, and won 22 of 26 faceoffs. Snider was named game MVP.
Snider was drafted by the Denver Outlaws of Major League Lacrosse in the second round of the MLL Collegiate Draft. During the 2007 MLL season, Snider played in the MLL All-Star Game representing the Western Conference. Snider has participated in two MLL championships. In 2008 with the Denver Outlaws, and in 2009 with the champion Toronto Nationals.
In 2012 he was traded to the Charlotte Hounds where he helped lead the team to its first playoff and championship appearance.
In December 2014 he was traded by the Charlotte Hounds to the Denver Outlaws for midfielder Terry Kimener.
On 30 June 2009 the Peterborough Lakers of Major Series Lacrosse announced they signed Snider. He played his first game as a Laker on 1 July and made his Peterborough debut on 2 July.
In international competition, Snider won the tournament MVP award at the 2006 World Lacrosse Championship, where he dominated face-offs helping the Canadian National Men's Lacrosse team win their first World Championship win since 1978.
Reference:

Ayabie was formed in the early spring of 2004 by ex-Hinawana members Ryōhei, Takehito, and Intetsu with Aoi (ex-MASK, ex-Cynical Biscuit). On May 8, 2004, Ayabie held their first solo concert at the Takadanobaba AREA. Their first single, "Heien No Ato, Ame", was distributed at this live. Following this release was their next single, "Romancer", which was limited to 1000 copies,
Ayabie's debut album was released on March 21, 2005, entitled "Ayabie Sokukan Ongenshū". It includes a bonus DVD which contains their previously recorded PVs. The group, which started with only support drummers, finally had a permanent drummer when Kenzo joined later that year. In June 2006, Ayabie toured Europe for the first time. In August, Ryōhei left the band permanently, due to his disagreement of the band's future. After his departure, he started his own new band, "Megamasso". Yumehito became the newest member of Ayabie 3 months later. The band adjusted to the change by splitting song writing duties among the band members, with Yumehito writing most of the band's music. In 2007, Ayabie returned to Europe again and released the mini-album "Ecumenical" along with many singles. Ayabie toured in the US for the first time in June 2008, as part of their world tour.
At the conclusion of their "Mikazuki no Kiseki" Tour on September 27, 2008, Ayabie announced that as of Spring 2009 they would be going major. Their first major label release, the single "Aitakute", was issued on 27 May 2009. As saying goodbye to their indies theme, they released a DVD named "The 7th colour ~Indies last tour FINAL~"; this indicates that they were then going major and going into their new major theme. Ayabie released their first major album '彩- irodori' on 27 January 2010.
On August 7, 2010, it was announced that Takehito, Intetsu, Kenzo and Yumehito had left Ayabie to form a new band, "AYABIE". They were signed to the major company TOY'S FACTORY. Aoi remained in Tokuma Japan Communications as a solo artist, known as "Aoi from ayabie". He also worked together with Ryohei from Megamasso as "Aoi & Ryohei". AYABIE performed at A-Kon 2011.
On May 21, 2012, Aoi started a new project called 168 -one sixty eight- with his debut single being "Setsugekka." The support members of 168's debut live were Yuki (Aucifer), Sebastian (Bull Zeichen 88), and Naoki (ex-Kagrra).
On February 24, 2013, Taito joined AYABIE as their keyboardist.His first appearance with the band was at Shibuya O-EAST, which marked the end of AYABIE's live hiatus they went on half a year before. On June 14, 2013, Kenzo announced his departure from AYABIE. He later started his own solo project called BVCCI HAYNES. On December 10, 2013, Yumehito and Intetsu both withdrew from AYABIE. Takehito and Taito continued band activities until July 31, 2015 in which Taito withdrew from the band as well. Takehito says he will make an announcement regarding AYABIE's future later this year.
Yumehito is currently the guitarist of Belle and has formed Robin's Peace BK with Yuki (Rice, Raphael).

Appears in Caprock Canyons State Park and Trailway. Uhmm.. the picture pretty much rocks. It's sharp from the foreground to background.. has some fall color (um, one yellow tree haha). Good color and balance all around, too. No blown highlights, no deep darks.
 -- 20:34, 12 November 2006 (UTC)

AugustMan is a monthly men's luxury lifestyle publication, based in Singapore, which launched in September 2006. The magazine's fields of focus include fashion, design, travel, art, architecture, food, sports, health, business, books, music, film, motoring and watches. Actors Ken Watanabe, Francis Ng and Daniel Dae Kim, Japanese soccer star Hidetoshi Nakata, and chef/author/TV presenter Anthony Bourdain featured on AugustMan's cover. The magazine also has franchises in Malaysia and Indonesia.
AugustMan is published by Burda Singapore Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of German media conglomerate Hubert Burda Media.

Green tag may refer to:

Assis Brasil is a municipality located in the south of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 5351 (as of 2007) and its area is .
The municipality contains part of the Rio Acre Ecological Station.
It also contains part of the Chico Mendes Extractive Reserve, a sustainable use environmental unit created in 1990.

Meir ben Ezekiel ibn Gabbai () was a Kabbalist born in Spain toward the end of 1480, and living probably in the East.
He complained in his twenty-seventh year that he had to work hard to support himself and his family (see end of "Tola'at Ya'aḳob"). He was an enthusiastic cabalist, noted for thorough mastery of the whole cabalistic lore, the most important points of which he, as far as can be judged now, was the first of his generation to treat systematically. He must be regarded, therefore, as the precursor of Moshe Cordovero and Isaac Luria. His first work, completed in 1507 and held in high regard, was "Tola'at Ya'aḳob," a cabalistic exposition of the prayer ritual. His chief work, which he finished December 22, 1531, after having spent eight years on it, was "Avodat Hakodesh," in which he expounds in detail his cabalistic system, making a close study of Maimonides in order the better to refute him. In 1539 he wrote an exposition and defense of the Sefirot under the title "Derek Emunah," in answer to his pupil Joseph ha-Levi, who had questioned him in regard to his doctrine of the Sefirot, Gabbai basing his work on Azriel of Gerona's "Perush 'Eser Sefirot."
Gabbai regarded the Zohar as the canonical book of the Kabbala. His system is tinged with panentheism. God Himself, as the first cause of all causes, can neither be conceived nor cognized, and can not even be mentioned; the name "En Sof" (Infinite) is a mere makeshift. Even the Keter Elyon, the first Sefirah, can not be conceived or imagined; it is coeternal with the En Sof, although only its effect; it is what is called in Scripture "His Name." By means of it the other sefirot emanated from God, being the various manifestations through which the Godhead makes Himself cognizable. To them the prayers are addressed, and they are intended in the different designations of God, whose relation to them is the same as that of the soul to the body.
The other emanations are the seven "hekalot," which proceed from the sefirot, and represent in a way the feminine world as contrasted with the masculine world of the sefirot; they are the real vessels of the further development of the world. This emanation of the world from God constitutes the "glory of God." The consciousness of dependence on God, with the striving toward Him in order to be united and become one with Him, and thereby to acknowledge His unity and effect its realization, is the "yiḥud," "the conscious union with God," which is the final aim of the world. Man, a reflection of the highest "hekal," unites in his soul the rays of all the sefirot, and in himself in general as microcosm all the basic elements of being. His soul therefore is in connection with the upper world, which it is able to influence and stimulate by its actions and aspirations; for everything that happens in this world reaches in wave-like circles to the uppermost regions. By recognizing and fulfilling the religious and moral precepts man advances the harmony and union of the various grades of creatures, and succeeds in performing his task in life—the bringing about of the "yiḥud."
Gabbai's son Ḥayyim was also a cabalist: and his son-in-law Senior ben Judah Falcon published Gabbai's first two books after his death, the "Tola'at Ya'aḳob" with the aid of Abraham Reyna at Constantinople in 1560, and "Avodat Hakodesh" at Venice in 1567.

Bujari is a municipality located in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 6543 and its area is 3,468 km².
The municipality contains about 73% of the Antimary State Forest, a sustainable use conservation unit established in 1997.

Healdtown is a small town located 10 km north-east of Fort Beaufort in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. It is situated in Raymond Mhlaba Municipality in Amathole District in an area that was formerly part of the Ciskei. Nelson Mandela completed his schooling in Matric here.
Wesleyan Methodist mission station 10 km north-east of Fort Beaufort and 15 km north-west of Alice. Established in 1853 by minister John Ayliff and named after the treasurer of the Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Society, James Heald, who had contributed towards a training institution for teachers, founded there in 1867.


This is a depiction of the Egg of Life (a component of the Flower of Life), created by the 07:33, 2 November 2006 (UTC)

Claude-Nicolas Ledoux (21 March 1736 – 18 November 1806) was one of the earliest exponents of French Neoclassical architecture. He used his knowledge of architectural theory to design not only domestic architecture but also town planning; as a consequence of his visionary plan for the Ideal City of Chaux, he became known as a utopian. His greatest works were funded by the French monarchy and came to be perceived as symbols of the Ancien Régime rather than Utopia. The French Revolution hampered his career; much of his work was destroyed in the nineteenth century. In 1804, he published a collection of his designs under the title "L'Architecture considérée sous le rapport de l'art, des mœurs et de la législation" (Architecture considered in relation to art, morals, and legislation). In this book he took the opportunity of revising his earlier designs, making them more rigorously neoclassical and up to date. This revision has distorted an accurate assessment of his role in the evolution of Neoclassical architecture. His most ambitious work was the uncompleted Royal Saltworks at Arc-et-Senans, an idealistic and visionary town showing many examples of "architecture parlante". Conversely his works and commissions also included the more mundane and everyday architecture such as approximately sixty elaborate tollgates around Paris in the Wall of the General Tax Farm.
Ledoux was born in 1736 in Dormans-sur-Marne, the son of a modest merchant from Champagne. At an early age his mother, Francoise Domino, and godmother, Francoise Piloy, encouraged him to develop his drawing skills. Later the Abbey of Sassenage funded his studies in Paris (1749–1753) at the Collège de Beauvais, where he followed a course in Classics. On leaving the Collège, age 17, he took employment as an engraver but four years later he began to study architecture under the tutelage of Jacques-François Blondel, for whom he maintained a lifelong respect.
He then trained under Pierre Contant d'Ivry, and also made the acquaintance of Jean-Michel Chevotet. These two eminent Parisian architects designed in both the restrained French Rococo manner, known as the "Louis XV style" and in the "Goût grec" (literally "Greek taste") phase of early Neoclassicism. However, under the tutelage of Contant d'Ivry and Chevotet, Ledoux was also introduced to Classical architecture, in particular the temples of Paestum, which, along with the works of Palladio, were to influence him greatly.
The two master architects introduced Ledoux to their affluent clientele. One of Ledoux's first patrons was the Baron Crozat de Thiers, an immensely wealthy connoisseur who commissioned him to remodel part of his palatial town house in the Place Vendôme. Another client obtained through the auspices of his teachers was Président Hocquart de Montfermeil and his sister, Mme de Montesquiou.
In 1762, the young Ledoux was commissioned to redecorate the Café Godeau, in the rue Saint-Honoré. The result was an interior of "trompe l'oeil" and mirrors. Pilasters painted on the walls were interspersed with alternating Pier glasses and panels painted with trophies of helmets and weaponry, all executed in bold detail. In 1969 this interior was moved to the Musée Carnavalet.
The following year the Marquis de Montesquiou-Fézensac commissioned Ledoux to redesign the old hilltop château on his estate at Mauperthuis. Ledoux rebuilt the château and created new gardens, replete with fountains supplied by an aqueduct. In addition in the gardens and park he built an orangery, a pheasantry and vast "dépendances" of which little remains today.
In 1764, he designed for Président Hocquart, a Palladian house on the Chaussée d'Antin using the colossal order. Ledoux would frequently employ this motif that was condemned by the strict French tradition, which embraced the principle of superimposing the classic column motifs on each floor, rising from simplest to the most complex: Tuscan, Doric, Ionic, Corinthian, etc.
On 26 July 1764, in the Saint-Eustache Church, Paris, Ledoux married Marie Bureau, the daughter of a court musician. A friend from Champagne, Joseph Marin Masson de Courcelles, found him a position as the architect for the Water and Forestry Department. Here between 1764 and 1770 he worked on the renovation and designs of churches, bridges, wells, fountains and schools, in Tonnerrois, Sénonais and Bassigny.
Among the still extant works from this period are the bridge of Marac, the Prégibert bridge in Rolampont, the churches of Fouvent-le-Haut, Roche-et-Raucourt, Rolampont, the nave and portal of Cruzy-le-Châtel, and the quire of Saint-Etienne d'Auxerre.
In 1766 Ledoux began designing the Hôtel d'Hallwyll (Le Marais, Paris), a building that, according to the Dijon architect Jacques Cellerier, received widespread praise and attracted new patrons to the architect. The owner Franz-Joseph d'Hallwyll (a Swiss colonel) and his wife, Marie-Thérèse Demidorge, were anxious to ensure work was executed economically. Therefore, Ledoux had to reuse portions of the existing buildings, the former Hôtel de Bouligneux. He had envisaged two colonnades in the Doric order leading to a nymphaeum decorated with urns at the foot of the garden. However, the limitations of the site made this impossible, so Ledoux resorted to "trompe l'oeil" painting a colonnade on the blind wall of the neighboring convent, thus extending the perspective.
The recognition given to the relatively modest Hôtel d'Hallwyll led in 1767 to a more prestigious commission, the Hôtel d'Uzès, for François Emmanuel de Crussol on the rue Montmartre. There too, Ledoux preserved the structure of an earlier building. Today the panelling from the salon, an early example of the neoclassical style, largely carved by Joseph Métivier and Jean-Baptist Boiston to the designs of Ledoux, is preserved in the Carnavalet Museum, Paris.
Ledoux designed the Château de Bénouville in Calvados (1768–1769) for the Marquis de Livry. With its simple, almost severe, facade of four stories, broken by a prostyle portico, the Château de Bénouville, while not one of Ledoux's most inventive plans, is notable for the unusual placement of the main staircase at the center of the garden facade, a position normally taken by the main salon.
Ledoux travelled to England in the years 1769-1771. There he became familiar with the Palladian style of architecture. Palladio, an influential Renaissance architect, was famous for his Italian villas (e.g., the Villa Rotunda). From this point Ledoux worked often in the Palladian style, usually employing a cubic design broken by a prostyle portico which gave an air of importance even to a small structure. In this genre, he built, in 1770, a house for Marie Madeleine Guimard in the Chaussée d'Antin; and following that commission the house of Mlle Saint-Germain, in the Rue Saint-Lazare, the house of Attilly in the suburb of Poissonnière, a house for the poet Jean François de Saint-Lambert in Eaubonne, and most notably the Music Pavilion constructed between 1770 and 1771 at the Château de Louveciennes for the King's mistress Madame du Barry, whose patronage and influence were to be of use to Ledoux in later years.
His reputation established, Ledoux commenced a period of yet more ambitious designs. The Hôtel de Montmorency on the Chaussée d'Antin dates from this period. It has a principal façade in the Ionic order above a rustic ground floor. Statues of illustrious members of the Montmorency family decorate the roof. However, the depletion of the Montmorency fortune meant that Ledoux was required to execute the project with some parsimony.
Ledoux was interested in the work of the Royal Administrations Department and at times considered working for them, even though the positions they offered were often on the borderline between architect and engineer. Through this interest in civic and municipal architecture and due, in no small part, to the notorious influence of Madame du Barry, Ledoux was commissioned with the modernization of the "Salines de l'Est" (Eastern Saltworks). The modernization was initiated following the construction of the Burgundy Canal. In 1771 Ledoux was promoted to Inspector of the saltworks in Franche-Comté, a title he held until 1790, with the position yielding him an annual salary of 6000 livres.
In the 18th century salt was an essential and valuable commodity. The unpopular salt tax, known as the "gabelle", was collected by the "Ferme Générale". Salt served as a valuable source of income for the French king. In Franche-Comté, due to subterranean seams of halite, salt was extracted from saline wells by vaporizing in wood-fuelled furnaces.
In Salins-les-Bains or in Montmorot, the saltworks' boilers were built close to the wells, and the wood was brought from the adjacent forests. Contrary to what the French government wanted, Ledoux placed the saltworks near the woods as opposed to the source of the salt water. He logically reasoned that it would be easier to transport water than wood. Close to the first of these sites, the "Fermiers Généraux" decided to explore a more mechanized and efficient method of extraction, by constructing a purpose-built factory near the forest of Chaux, in the Val d'Amour. The saline water was to be brought to the factory by a newly constructed canal.
The design, which received royal approval, of the Royal Saltworks at Arc-et-Senans, or "Salines de Chaux", is considered Ledoux's masterpiece. The initial building work was conceived as the first phase of a large and grandiose scheme for a new ideal city. The first (and, as things were to turn out, only) stage of building was constructed between 1775 and 1778. Entrance is through a massive Doric portico, inspired by the temples at Paestum. The alliance of the columns is an archetypal motif of neoclassicism. Inside, a cavernous hall gives the impression of entering an actual salt mine, decorated with concrete ornamentation representing the elementary forces of nature and the organizing genius of Man, a reflection of the views of the relationship between civilization and nature endorsed by such eighteenth-century philosophers as Jean-Jacques Rousseau.
The entrance building opens into a vast semicircular open air space that is surrounded by ten buildings, which are arranged on the arc of a semicircle. On the arc is the cooper's forge, the forging mill and two bothies for the workers. On the straight diameter are the workshops for the extraction of salt alternating with administrative buildings. At the centre is the house of the director (illustrated), which originally also contained a chapel.
The significance of this plan is twofold: the circle, a perfect figure, evokes the harmony of the ideal city and theoretically encloses a place of harmony for common work, but it recalls also contemporary theories of organization and of official surveillance, particularly the Panopticon of Jeremy Bentham. 
The saltworks entered a painful phase of industrial production and marginal profit, because of competition with the salt-water marshes. After some not very profitable trials, it closed indefinitely in 1790 during the national instability caused by the French Revolution. Thus the dream of success for a factory, conceived at the same time as a royal residence and a new city, ended.
For a brief period in the 1920s the salt works were reused but eventually closed due to competition. For the following decades, the salt works lay in decay until they were named a UNESCO world heritage site and refurbished as a local cultural center.
In 1784 Ledoux was the architect selected to design a theatre at Besançon, Franche-Comté. The exterior of the building was designed as a severe Palladian cube, adorned only by an almost Grecian neoclassical portico of six Ionic columns. However, if the neoclassical hints to the exterior was regarded as modern then the interior was a revolution – venues for public entertainment were rare in the French provinces, and where they did exist it was traditional that only the nobles had seating, while those of less exulted rank had stood. Ledoux, realizing this was not only inconvenient but elitist planned the theatre at Besançon on more egalitarian lines with seating for all but in some quarters such a plan was seen as radical if not revolutionary, the aristocracy had no wish to be seated alongside commoners. However Ledoux found an ally in the Intendant of Franche-Comté, Charles André de la Coré, an enlightened man, he consented to follow this reforming plan. Even so, it was decided that the social classes would still be segregated thus while the theatre of was the first to have a ground floor amphitheatre furnished with seats for the ordinary paying public. Above them was a raised terrace or balcony for state employers. Directly above was the first tier of boxes reserved for the aristocracy, and above this a tier of smaller boxes occupied by the middle-class the second. Thus Ledoux achieved his ambition that the theatre could at the same time be a place of social communion and shared entertainment while still maintaining a strict hierarchy of the classes.
The seating was not the only innovation at the theatre. With the aid of the machinist Dart de Bosco Ledoux expanded the wings and back stage scenery apparatus, giving it greater depth than was customary, and many other modern improvements. Besançon was the first theatre to screen the musicians in an orchestra pit. The building was widely acclaimed on its opening in 1784 but when Ledoux submitted plans for the proposed new theatre in Marseilles but they were not accepted.
In 1784, Ledoux was chosen over Pierre-Adrien Pâris for the construction of the new town hall in Neufchâtel. This was followed by the spectacular project that he conceived for the Palais de Justice and the prison of Aix-en-Provence. This project, however, was to be beset by many difficulties. Trouble began in 1789 when construction was interrupted by the French Revolution, when only the ground floor walls had been completed 
Ledoux was a Freemason Ledoux took part, with his friend William Beckford, in various masonic ceremonies at the "Loge Féminine de la Candeur" which met in the town house he had built for Mme d'Espinchal, on the Rue des Petites-Écuries.
He was well acquitted with the world of finance and those who inhabited it. He designed a large house and park for Praudeau de Chemilly, the treasurer of the "Maréchaussées", at Bourneville near Ferté-Milon. One of his more notable town houses was for the widow of the Genevan banker Thélusson. This classical mansion, a venue for Parisian high society, was situated at the heart of a large landscaped garden accessed from the Rue de Provence. The house had an immense porte-cochere in the form of a pillared triumphal arch. The circular central salon, had at its centre a colonnade which supported the ceiling.
On the Rue Saint-Georges, for the creole Hosten, Ledoux designed an ensemble of tenements for rental, designed in such a way they could in future be extended ad infinitum. In the Rue Saint-Lazare, around a commercial warehouse, he designed the gardens of Zephyr and Flora, which were illustrated by Hubert Robert.
In the process of his work in Franche-Comté, Ledoux had become an architect for the "ferme générale", for whom he built a salt storehouse in Compiègne and undertook to plan their vast headquarters on the rue du Bouloi in Paris.
Charles Alexandre de Calonne, the Controller-General of Finances, obtained on an idea from the chemist and "fermier général" Antoine Lavoisier, of drawing a barrier around Paris to limit contraband and evasion of the "octrois", or internal customs duties: this notorious Wall of the Farmers-General was to have six towers (one every 4 kilometers) and to comprise sixty tax-collecting offices. Ledoux was charged to design these buildings, which he baptized pompously ""les Propylées de Paris" and to which he wanted to give a character of solemnity and magnificence while putting into practice his ideas on the necessary links between form and function.
To cut short the protests of the Parisian population, the operation was carried out rapidly: fifty barriers to access were built between 1785 and 1788. Most were destroyed in the nineteenth century and very few remain today, of which those of La Villette and Place Denfert-Rochereau are the only ones that haven't been altered beyond recognition. In certain cases, the entry was framed with two identical buildings; in others, it consisted of a single building. The forms were archetypal: the rotunda (Heap, Reuilly); the rotunda surmounting a Greek cross (La Villette, Rapée); the cube with peristyle (Picpus); the Greek temple (Gentilly, Courcelles); the column (le Trône). At Place de l'Étoile, the buildings, flanked with columns alternating with cubic and cylindrical elements, evoked the House of the director at Arc-and-Senans; at the "Bureau des Bonshommes", an apse opened by a peristyle recalled the pavilion of Madame du Barry and the Hôtel de la Guimard. The order employed was generally Doric Greek. Ledoux also used multiple rustic embossings.
This audacious construction met with political criticism, as well as aesthetic criticism of the architect, accused by commentators such as Dulaure and Quatremère de Quincy of taking excessive freedoms with the ancient canons. Bachaumont denounced a "monument d'esclavage et de despotisme" (a "monument to enslavement and despotism"). In his "Tableau de Paris" (1783), Louis-Sébastien Mercier stigmatised "les antres du fisc métamorphosés en palais à colonnes" ("the bastions of taxation metamorphosed into columned palaces"), and exclamed, "Ah! Monsieur Ledoux, vous êtes un terrible architecte!"(Ah! Monsieur Ledoux, you are a terrible architect). Ledoux, rendered the object of scandal by these opinions, was relieved of his official functions in 1787 while Jacques Necker, succeeding Calonne, disavowed the entire enterprise.
At the same time, work on the law courts of Aix-en-Provence was suspended, and Ledoux was accused of embroiling the Treasury in ill-considered expenditure. When the Revolution broke out, his rich clientele emigrated or perished under the guillotine. He saw his career and his projects stopped while at the same time the first blows of the pickaxe began to ring on the already obsolete wall of the "fermiers généraux". As of June 1790, the "Ferme générale" had been able to install its employees in the buildings by Ledoux, but the "octroi" (granting) was abolished in May 1791, which rendered the facilities useless. A symbol of fiscal oppression, Ledoux, who had amassed a handsome fortune, was arrested and thrown in La Force Prison.
He still made a project for a school of agriculture for the duc de Duras, his companion in captivity. Perhaps the intervention of the painter Jacques-Louis David, son-in-law of the entrepreneur Pécoul, and considerably enriched in the collection of the "octrois", helped him avoid the guillotine. But he lost his favourite daughter whilst the other brought a lawsuit against him.
Ledoux, who was eventually released, ceased building and attempted to prepare the publication of his complete "œuvre". Since 1773, he had started to engrave his constructions and his projects but, because of the evolution of his style, he did not cease retouching his drawings, and the engravers constantly had to redo their boards. Ledoux evolved towards an architecture always more detailed and colossal, with vast walls that were increasingly smooth, and with increasingly rare openings. The differences between a drawing of the Pavillon de Louveciennes as it first was, made by the British architect Sir William Chambers and the engraving that was published in 1804 illustrate this process.
During his imprisonment, Ledoux had started to write a text to accompany the engravings. Only the first volume appeared during his lifetime, in 1804, under the title "L'Architecture considérée sous le rapport de l'art, des mœurs et de la législation"(Architecture considered under the relation of art and legislation). It presented the theatre of Besançon, the saltworks of Arc-and-Senans and the town of Chaux.
He died in Paris in 1806.
Around the time of the royal saltworks, Ledoux formalized his innovative design ideas for an urbanism and an architecture intended to improve society, of a "Cité idéale" charged with symbols and meanings. Along with Étienne-Louis Boullée and his project for the Cenotaph of Newton, he is considered a precursor to the utopians who would follow. Boullée and Ledoux were a specific influence on subsequent Greek Revival architects and especially Benjamin Henry Latrobe who carried through the style in the United States for public architecture with the intention that the spirit of the ancient Athenian democracy would be echoed by buildings serving the new democracy of the United States of America.
After 1775 he presented Turgot with the first sketches of the town of Chaux, centered on the royal saltworks. The project, constantly perfected but never executed, was engraved beginning in 1780. The engravings, announced in 1784 and probably all designed by 1799, were finally published in 1804, as part of the first edition of his "L'Architecture considerée".
As a radical utopian of architecture, teaching at the École des Beaux-Arts, he created a singular architectonic order, a new column formed of alternating cylindrical and cubic stones superimposed for their plastic effect. In this period, taste was returning to the antique, to the distinction and the examination, of the taste for the "rustic" style.
Some of his other "visionary" designs:
In 1804 was published a volume including the works from 1768 to 1789 : "L'Architecture considérée sous le rapport de l'art, des mœurs et de la législation".

Writers who have won the American Pulitzer Prize for the Novel, awarded from 1918 to 1947. This award was replaced in 1948 by the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. 
For articles about the writers: 
For articles about the books:

Capixaba is a municipality located in the southeast of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 8,446 and its area is 1,713 km².
The municipality contains part of the Chico Mendes Extractive Reserve, a sustainable use environmental unit created in 1990.



The Battle of Seattle was a January 26, 1856 attack by Native Americans upon Seattle, Washington. At the time, Seattle was a settlement in the Washington Territory that had recently named itself after Chief Seattle (Sealth), a leader of the Suquamish and Duwamish peoples of central Puget Sound.
Backed by artillery fire and supported by Marines from the United States Navy sloop-of-war "Decatur", anchored in Elliott Bay (Seattle's harbor, then called "Duwam-sh Bay"), the settlers suffered only two deaths. It is not known if any of the Native American raiders died, though the historian Phelps writes that they later "would admit" to 28 dead and 80 wounded. The battle, part of the multi-year Puget Sound War or Yakima War, lasted a single day.
The Seattle settlement of the time was located roughly where Seattle's Pioneer Square now sits. T. S. Phelps's memoir of the time described the settlement as:
…on a point, or rather a small peninsula, projecting from the eastern shore, and about two miles (3 km) from the mouth of Duwam-sh River, debouching at the head of the bay. The northern part of this peninsula is connected with the mainland by a low neck of marshy ground, and about one-sixteenth of a mile from its southeastern extremity a firm, hard sand-pit nearly joined it to the adjacent shore, severed only by a narrow channel through which the surplus waters of an inclosed swamp escaped into the bay. The south and west sides rose abruptly from the beach, forming an embankment from three to fifteen feet high; and proceeding thence northerly, the ground undulated for an eighth of a mile, when it gradually sloped towards the swamp and neck.
At the intersection of the latter with the main, and overlooking the water, rose a mound about thirty feet above the level of the bay; and to the eastward through a depression in the hills, and passing the head of the swamp, was a broad Indian trail leading to Lake Duwam-sh [now Lake Washington], distant two and a half miles.
Phelps remarks that the tailings from Henry Yesler's then recently erected mill were steadily filling in the marshy land at the north of the head or peninsula where the settlement was located. Further, he describes the arrangement of the troops arrayed in defense on the nights before the battle:
The divisions… nightly occupied the shore, vigilantly guarding the people as they slept, and resting only when the morning light released them from the apprehended attack. … [They] were distributed along the line of defense in the following order: The fourth, under Lieutenant Dallas, commencing at Southeast Point, extended along the bay shore to the sand-bar, where, meeting with the right of the first division, Lieutenant Drake, the latter continued the line facing the swamp to a point half-way from the bar to a hotel situated midway between the bar and Yesler's place, and there joined the second, under Lieutenant Hughes, whose left, resting on the hotel ("see Mother Damnable"), completed an unbroken line between the latter and Southeast Point, while the howitzer's crew, Lieutenant Morris, was stationed near Plummer's house, to sweep the bar and to operate wherever circumstances demanded. The third division, Lieutenant Phelps, occupied that portion of the neck lying between the swamp and mound east of Yesler's place, to secure the approaches leading from the lake, and the marines, under Sergeant Carbine, garrisoned the block-house.
The divisions, thus stationed, left a gap between the second and third, which the width and impassable nature of the swamp at this place rendered unnecessary to close, thereby enabling a portion of the town to be encompassed which otherwise would have been exposed.
The distance between the block-house and Southeast Point, following the sinuosities of the bay and swamp shores, was three-quarters of a mile, to be defended by ninety-six men, eighteen marines, and five officers, leaving Gunner Stocking, Carpenter Miller, Clerks Francis and Ferguson, and fifteen men with Lieutenant Middleton, to guard the ship.
The battle was part of the Puget Sound War, a series of skirmishes in the region that had been occurring over the course of several months, beginning October 28, 1855. The natives had been angered by treaties imposed by Territorial Governor Isaac Stevens. There had been fighting between federal troops and natives in southern King County, Thurston County and Pierce County. Just five days before the attack on Seattle, Governor Stevens had declared a "war of extermination" upon the Indians.
The sloop "Decatur" had been called to Puget Sound both because of the trouble with local natives and to deter frequent raids by an alliance of Haida from the Queen Charlotte Islands and the Tongass group of the Tlingit from what was then Russian America. Captained by Isaac L. Sterret, the vessel struck an uncharted reef near Bainbridge Island on December 7, 1855, and was heavily damaged. (According to naval custom, the reef was then named "Decatur Reef".) They limped into Seattle for repairs, which lasted until January 19. Sterret was temporarily taken off active duty December 10, although later returned to active duty. However, on the day of the battle, "Decatur" was commanded by Guert Gansevoort.
"Decatur" lay at anchor in deep water, in a position from which it had total command of the settlement with 16 shipborne 32-pounders firing fuzed shells. To the defense on land, the ship contributed two nine-pounder cannon and 18 stands of arms.
About this time, the raiders were attacking the White River settlers; those who survived fled to Seattle. There they joined the fifty or so Seattle settlers. Assisted by marines from the "Decatur", they had constructed a blockhouse from lumber originally intended for shipment to San Francisco.
Only days before the battle (January 21), Governor Stevens arrived in Seattle aboard U.S.S. "Active", discounting rumors of war. Almost immediately upon his departure, reports from friendly natives warned that the governor had been completely mistaken and that an attack was imminent. These reports have been variously credited to Chief Seattle, his daughter Princess Angeline, or another chief, Sucquardle (known also as "Curley" or "Curly Jim").
David Swinson "Doc" Maynard, reputed to have had far more than the usual concern for the natives' rights and well-being, evacuated 434 friendly natives to the west side of Puget Sound (at his own expense and with the assistance of his wife).
The settlers had, to some extent, organized themselves for their own defense as volunteers under a Captain Hewett. However, this company of volunteers had disbanded and re-formed several times over the months leading up to the battle. On the evening January 22, with "Decatur" now in a commanding position, its leaders declared that "they would not serve longer while there was a ship in port to protect them". Phelps writes that "a more reckless, undisciplined set of men has seldom been let loose to prey upon any community than these eighty embryo soldiers upon Seattle… after much rough argument about thirty of their number became partially convinced that their individual safety depended upon unity of action under a competent leader, and they finally consented to form a company, provided Mr. Peixotto would consent to serve as captain. That gentleman accepted the honor…"
Emily Denny mentions the company as being captained by Hewitt and including William Gilliam as 1st Lieutenant, D.T. Denny as Corporal and Robert Olliver as Sergeant. Phelps, perhaps diplomatically, names both Hewitt and Peixotto as Captains.
Phelps lists the hostile natives as including the "Kliktat" (Klickitat and Spokane), "Palouses" (Palus), Walla-Walla, "Yakami" (Yakama), Kamialk, Nisqually, Puyallup, "Lake" (Duwamish-related, living near Lake Washington), "and other tribes, estimated at six thousand warriors, marshaled under the three generals-in-chief Coquilton, Owhi, and Lushi, assisted by many subordinate chiefs. They had failed to recruit several tribes or nations from the Olympic Peninsula, nor did they succeed in winning the Snoqualmie over to their cause. Despite the cordial hatred Snoqualmie chief Patkanim held toward the whites, he decided that it was more expedient to take their side in the war.
Two hostile chiefs—Phelps says Owhi and Lushi (presumably, Leschi), other sources say Owhi and Coquilton—disguised themselves as friendly Indians and reconnoitered the situation the night before the battle. Phelps describes this in some detail: he, himself was the sentry whom they tricked with a plausible story.
According to Phelps' account, it would appear that at least two native chiefs were playing a double game. Curley Jim had been considered friendly enough by the settlers to remain within their encampment; conversely, his nephew Yark-eke-e-man had been considered one of the hostile force, but, according to Phelps, had every intention of betraying it from within. Curley Jim now left the settlement in the company of his visitors, and they parleyed around midnight at the lodge of a chief named Tecumseh; Yark-eke-e-man and several "chiefs of lesser note" were also present. They set out a plan to slaughter all of the settlers and U.S. military; Curley requested that his friend Henry Yesler be allowed to live, but accepted being overruled in the matter.
They resolved to attack in only a few hours, around 2 a.m.; Phelps wrote that that plan would have succeeded, since no defender was planning for a pre-dawn assault. However, Yark-eke-e-man convinced the raiders to try a mid-morning attack, using a small decoy force to draw the "Decatur's" men out of the well-defended areas to do battle on First Hill.
There are no reliable estimates of the size of the attacking force. Isaac Stevens (who was not present), wrote to Washington that settlers estimated that 200 to 500 Indians had taken the field against them. Phelps put the number of enemy at 2,000, but (write Crowley and Wilma) "frontier military officers often inflated the number of opposing forces to reinforce their accomplishments (or to minimize their failures)." Historian Murray Morgan writes that early "reports seem to have multiplied by ten the actual numbers. There could not have been more than one hundred and fifty."
Many settlers resided on scattered claims divided by thick forest, because to establish a land claim it was necessary to live on it. Some settlers doubted that the Indians would attack, and had to run for the blockhouse on the morning of the battle.
The first fatality of the engagement was Jack Drew, a deserter from "Decatur", who attempted to enter a cabin through a window, and was shot dead by fifteen-year-old Milton Holgate.
Because the natives' only common language was Chinook jargon, a trade language that many of the white settlers also spoke, the settlers were able to hear and understand the attackers' shouted orders "and revealed many incidents of the battle they were anxious to conceal."
An Indian known as "Jim", a relative of Curley's who died a few months later in a hunting accident, evaded Curley's vigilance and warned Dr. Williamson of the impending attack. Williamson sent a messenger to Yesler, who informed Gansevoort, and "Decatur's" troops abandoned their breakfast and returned to the positions they had held by night. 52 women and children found refuge on board "Decatur", and others on board the barque "Brontes". The non-combatants of the friendly tribes took to their canoes to get out of the way.
Curley's sister (and Yark-eke-e-man's mother) Li-cu-mu-low ("Nancy"), whom Phelps describes as "short, stout, and incapable of running," warned as she headed for her canoe that the Kliktat were gathered around Tom Pepper's house, which was in the forest, near the crest of First Hill. "Decatur" fired off a howitzer shell in that direction, the first shot of the battle. Phelps and a few others had been trying unsuccessfully to rouse the volunteers from their torpor. At the sound of the howitzer shell, they rushed as one for the blockhouse. There "Sergeant Carbine several times charged them out of one door, to return as often by the other, till, wearying of the trouble, he left them to cower behind the wooden bulwarks, protected from the bullets of the foe."
The third division, contrary to orders, charged up the trail that led towards the lake. This foolhardy charge met with an undeserved success, as they pushed the attackers back without taking any casualties themselves. Klakum held a position behind a tree, and shot at Peixotto standing on the block-house steps, but missed and killed a boy, Milton G. Holgate, who was standing a few steps higher.
On the south end, settlers on the peninsula faced off against natives on the mainland with a slough dividing them. Phelps describes "the incessant rattle of small-arms, and an uninterrupted whistling of bullets, mingled with the furious yells of the Indians," but there were few casualties. A settler was killed when he ducked from behind a stump to get some drinking water; Clarence Bagley, quoting William Bell two days after the event, says the casualty was Christian White; Phelps, writing 17 years later, says it was Robert Wilson.
Hans Carl, an invalided sailor on "Decatur", died shortly thereafter, but for reasons unrelated to the battle.
News of the attack spread rapidly. By 4 p.m. it was known in Bellingham. At noon the day after the battle, "Active" steamed into Elliott Bay, Governor Stevens aboard. Stevens was, in Phelps's words, "at last compelled to acknowledge the presence of hostile Indians in the Territory." "Active" headed south in the direction of Steilacoom which seemed the most likely next target of an attack, dropping the governor at Olympia on the way.
Yark-eke-e-man reported that the hostile chiefs were ill-provisioned, because, confident of victory, they expected to provision themselves from the settlers' supplies. They spent the next several weeks scouring the land for food.
Two days after the battle, Coquilton threatened, through a messenger, "that within one moon he would return with twenty thousand warriors, and, attacking by land and water, destroy the place in spite of all the war-ship could do to prevent." The threat was taken seriously, and it was decided that Seattle's defenses must be improved. Henry Yesler volunteered ship's cargo of house lumber and on February 1 "Decatur's" divisions began a two-week project to erect two fences five feet high, placed eighteen inches apart, and filled in with well-tamped earth, long, and enclosing a large portion of the town. A second block-house was also erected, and an old ship's cannon plus a 6-pounder field-piece borrowed from "Active" functioned as its artillery.
Trees and undergrowth were removed (variously attacked with levers, axes, and shovels, or burned in place) to provide an esplanade and enable "Decatur's" howitzer to sweep the shores. Much brush was also cleared from the town's inland edges, to reduce the cover for future attacks. On February 24, USS "Massachusetts" arrived and on March 28 USS "John Hancock".
The now well defended town did not, however, face a second battle. Defeat in the Battle of Seattle had discouraged the hostile natives, and they did not again amass a comparable force. Furthermore, Governor Stevens had convinced Patkanim and his men to take on the role of bounty hunters, paying them handsomely for collecting the scalps of leaders of the hostile tribes, a task at which they were gruesomely successful. Morgan does not describe the battle as a victory for the Americans. Rather, he writes that "both sides were dismayed, the whites by the realization that the enemy really would attack a town, the Indians by their first experience with exploding shells rather than cannonballs."
Also by Stevens's order, a court-martial convened at Seattle on May 15 for the trial of Klakum and twenty other Indians; the military trial acquitted them, deeming their actions as having been legitimate warfare, not criminal acts, and they were released after a declaration of peace. It was certainly not the end of violence between settlers and natives in the region, but it was the end of outright war.
Nine days after the battle, Chief Leschi and Chief Kitsap, along with a group of 17 Indians, appeared at the home of John McLeod near the Nisqually River. McLeod was a former employee of the Hudson's Bay Company, had a Nisqually wife, and was trusted by the hostile Indians. Leschi said neither he nor his band had taken part in the attack on Seattle, and that he thought the attack had been foolish. Leschi also asked that John Swan, another trusted white man, visit Leschi's camp on the Green River for a peace conference. When Swan did visit Leschi's camp a few days later, he counted about 150 men of fighting age. Nearly all were from west of the Cascades, with only 10–20 from the east.
Two settlers died in the battle: Christian White or Robert Wilson (see above), and teenager Milton Holgate. One sailor, Hans Carl, died of causes unrelated to the battle. Phelps characterizes the low casualties as "incredible" and "miraculous", given that "one hundred and sixty men were for seven hours exposed to an almost uninterrupted storm of bullets".
The casualties on the native side are unknown. Phelps claimed personally to have seen ten die from one shell, and that they later "would admit" to 28 dead and 80 wounded, but remarked that the native women "secret[ed] the dead beyond all chance of discovery." No Indian bodies were found.
According to Seattle lore, decades after the battle, Seattle's future fire chief Gardner Kellogg was excavating his house and found a shell from "Decatur" that had buried itself without exploding. He stuck it under a stump that he was trying to burn out and went off to lunch. Dexter Horton stopped by to warm the seat of his pants at the fire, and as it exploded, nearly became the last casualty of the battle of Seattle.

Epitaciolândia is a municipality located in the southeast of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 13 434 and its area is 1,659 km². It is the southernmost municipality in Acre.
The municipality contains part of the Chico Mendes Extractive Reserve, a sustainable use environmental unit created in 1990.

Fair to Midland was an American progressive rock band based in Dallas, Texas. According to the band's official website, their name comes from "…an old Texan play on the term 'fair to middling'." The band produced two self-released albums before signing to Serjical Strike; System of a Down's Serj Tankian vanity label at Universal Republic. There, they released their only major record label album, "", in 2007. While the album broke into the "Billboard" 200, they eventually parted ways with Serjical Strike and later released their fourth album, "Arrows and Anchors" in July 2011. Tentative plans for a fifth album had been discussed at the end of the "Arrow and Anchors" touring cycle, but the band became inactive in 2013.
Fair to Midland was formed in 1998 by friends Andrew Darroh Sudderth and Cliff Campbell, both of Sulphur Springs, Texas. Sudderth originally started as the band's bassist, but switched to be the band's lead vocalist after rounding out the band with more members, namely Nathin Seals on bass and Jason Pintler on drums. After their independent debut album in late 2001, "The Carbon Copy Silver Lining", Pintler left the band and was replaced by Brett Stowers. For their second album, 2004's "Inter.funda.stifle", keyboardist Matt Langley, who was a guest musician on the first album, officially joined the band. The album was recorded as a quintet, and after release, the band toured extensively to promote the albums, building up a fanbase in the Dallas, Texas Deep Ellum music scene. However, attempts to branch out into bigger music scenes, such as Los Angeles, proved futile for the band. In 2005, Seals left the group as well. While he was replaced by Jon Dicken, still, a lack of progress, combined with increasing costs of self-funding all of their efforts, and Sudderth and Campbells college aspirations, led the band to contemplate breaking up. Just as the band was seriously discussing a break up, they received a call from Serj Tankian, frontman of American hard rock band System of a Down. Their albums and live shows had caught his attention, and showed interest in signing them to his vanity label Serjical Strike, on Universal Republic Records. This rejuvenated the band's confidence, and they signed on in April 2006, starting work on a new album shortly after.
Shortly after signing to the Serjical Strike label, "The Drawn and Quartered EP" was released, featuring demo and live tracks from "inter.funda.stifle", and a mini-documentary titled "The Drawn and Quartered Kinescope", which served as an introduction of the band, including interviews and past concert footage. Meanwhile, the band worked on recording their third album with music producer David Bottrill. For it, the band chose to rerecord many of the songs from "inter.funda.stifle" which they felt could benefit from a professional music producer and bigger production budget. After a few minor delays, the album, entitled, "", was released on June 12, 2007.
The band toured extensively throughout 2007 and 2008 in support of the album, performing at major concerts such as Coachella, Rock am Ring, and Rock im Park. They opened for bands such as Rage Against the Machine, Smashing Pumpkins, Queens of the Stone Age, Dir En Grey, Muse, and Serj Tankian's solo band. Notably, they even teamed up Tankian at times for a live improvisational version of their song "The Walls of Jericho". Between 100 and 150 shows were played in support of the album in 2007 alone.
Fair to Midland were the winners of the "Dallas Observer" Music Award in the Best Metal category for both 2007 and 2008.
In August 2008, Fair to Midland began writing their fourth studio album. By October, Stowers stated that the band had so far written about 4–6 songs that were in "various states of completion". He also wrote that the band wanted to take their time and release the record when it’s done. In November, the band announced they had signed a record deal with E1 music, and that they were aiming for an early 2011 release date. Stowers stated the album would go in a darker and more cynical direction, as a result of the grueling two year touring schedule in support of their prior album.
On January 9, 2010, the band was in an accident, temporarily suspending touring and delaying recording. The band crashed and flipped their van and trailer. While the band were largely not seriously injured, it left much of their gear destroyed. Four days later the band released a short video involving post-accident footage, entitled "FWIW", standing for "For What It's Worth", which included a short clip of a studio demo of a new song called "A Loophole in Limbo".
The band continued to work on the album into 2011 with music producer Joe Barresi. By March, they had revealed the title, "Arrows and Anchors", and in April, they released the first single, "Musical Chairs", on iTunes. In May, the studio version of "Amarillo Sleeps on My Pillow" was offered for free download on the band's website. The album was released on July 12, 2011.
On October 26, it was announced that Jon Dicken had decided to leave the band, with Ryan Collier, previously with Opus Dai, was announced as his touring replacement. A month later, on November 26, Brett Stowers announced that he had left the band as well, with Logan Kennedy being his replacement. The band pushed forward, releasing their first DVD, "Welcome to the Dirt" in November, consisting mainly of band shots and fan footage of live shows. The profit from this release helped fund a professional video recording of the band's show at The Machine Shop in Flint on December 17, which was later released on the band's first widely released DVD, "Live at the Machine Shop" in March 2012. On October 9 the band announced the release of their second DVD, combined with an audio CD, "Live at Andy's Bar", consisting of footage of an acoustic live set performed by the band in March 2012, which was released on November 12.
As of September 2012, the band had finished touring in support of "Anchors and Arrows", and announced intentions of creating a fifth album. The band intended on starting by finishing some material left over from their prior album. However, as of early 2013, all communications from the band's websites and social media ceased. Stowers, who had left the band in 2011, has been the only party to discuss the band stating that all he knew was that, at his time of leaving, the band had accumulated substantial debt, was without a label, and members had scattered across the entire country.
Progressive rock has commonly been used as a term to describe the band's sound by critics. Keyboardist Matt Langley described his stance on this:
Not the way most people define "prog." "Prog" suggests to me a band whose primary focus is mad technical skill with their instruments. All in Fair to Midland strive to play well (and in my opinion, succeed), but in that respect we're certainly no match for, for example, Dream Theater. However, there are those who expand the definition to include bands whose focus may or may not be less on the technical and more about experimental instrumentation, voicings, unusual parts and changes … by that amended definition, I suppose we'd fit into some people's idea of the prog rock mold. Either way is fine with me. 
He also cited the band A Perfect Circle as an inspiration for the "non-technical" progressive rock sound. Guitarist Cliff Campbell expanded on the band's influences, stating,
He also stated that primary lyricist and vocalist Darroh Sudderth "is a fan of dark, antiquated children’s stories" and that this inspiration of "The childlike imagery and sound alternating with the dark, heavy, aggressive parts" was a defining feature of their sound.

Potchefstroom High School for Boys is a high school situated in Potchefstroom, South Africa. It is one of the oldest schools in South Africa.
With the Transvaal under British control, Lord Milner, the Colonial Secretary at the time created educational facilities (known as the Milner Schools) for English-speaking pupils. The site for the school had been an infamous concentration camp during the 2nd South African War. The first school on the land was for the children interned in the camp. On 31 January 1905, accompanied by the band of the Border Regiment, Sir Richard Solomon, Lt-Governor of Transvaal opened Potchefstroom College upon instruction from the then Education Department, the school was renamed Potchefstroom High School for Boys. "College" is a boarding school based on the English boarding schools system. Founded by C.D. Hope (who was also the first principal of Pretoria Boys High School as well as Jeppe High School for Boys), the original structure had been built long before and had to close during the Anglo-Boer war. The school-building itself was designed in Cape Dutch architecture design as was prominent in style during those times which has since been declared a local heritage site. There are 3 boarding houses: Granton (Oxford Blue) (1909), Milton (Cambridge Blue) (1910) and Buxton (British Racing Green), which was constructed much later. The fourth house, Barnard (Royal Red) is the 'Day-Boy' house. These later buildings did not follow the traditional Cape Dutch styles and were built more suited to the period they were built in. The school's motto, Iustorum Semita Lux Splendens (Latin), was adapted by the founder C.D. Hope, from Proverbs 4:18, and means "The path of righteousness (alternately: the just) is (as) a shining light."
During the 1905 hunting season, just before the first Springbok team went on their rugby tour, the headmaster C.D. Hope was given the horns of a springbok by his brother-in-law. These horns, mounted, are in the school’s museum and a springbok head forms part of the school’s badge.
The school has a reputation for being very sports-orientated as every student is required to participate in at least one sport during each sport's season. Since the schools inception "Boys High" has produced many internationally recognized sportsmen. A wide variety of sports are offered at the school of which the more popular ones include: rugby, hockey, cricket, tennis and swimming. Beyond this, each student is then required to do athletics at inter-house level.
Apart from the local schools Potchefstroom Boys' traditional sporting rivals include Pretoria Boys’ High, King Edwards, Jeppe Boys, Parktown Boys and St Stithians each year.
The school's cultural activities are run with the school's teaching staff in collaboration with the students, activities such as plays and public speaking occur regularly.
The school's alumni is formed of old school members who join the school's Old Boys Society. This is often referred to as Old Mooi because of the schools close proximity to the Mooi River which bisects the town of Potchefstroom. Among other tasks, the society is responsible for the over-seeing of the school and helps with the SGB (Student Governing Body). The society is also responsible for meetings and student reunions.

Heritage Trail is a long multiuse rail trail connecting Dubuque and Dyersville, Iowa.
It is maintained by the Dubuque County Conservation Board, and was converted from a segment of the former Chicago Great Western railroad line between Chicago and Oelwein, Iowa. Surfaced with compacted, crushed limestone.

Kambara is an extinct genus of mekosuchine crocodylian that lived during the Eocene and Oligocene epochs in Australia.
At around 55 million years old, remains of "Kambara" are among the oldest Tertiary fossils found in Australia (although there are some recent Cretaceous fossils that are twice that age). "Kambara" is the oldest known mekosuchine. The genus name comes from an Aboriginal term meaning "crocodile".
There are currently four species of "Kambara" described: the type species "K. murgonensis" (Willis & Molnar, 1993), "K. implexidens" (Salisbury & Willis, 1996), "K. molnari" (Holt et al., 2005), and "K. taraina" (Buchanan, 2009). All four species have a generalised crocodylian body plan, growing to sizes similar to the modern Saltwater Crocodile, "Crocodylus porosus". "Kambara" shows an interesting characteristic of having multiple bite patterns within the same genus. "Kambara murgonensis" has a near complete overbite, "K. implexidens" a more interlocking dentition and "K. molnarai" an intermediate condition. While initially thought to be the most primitive member of an Australasian radiation of mekosuchine crocodylians, recent studies (Holt, et al., 2007) have suggested that this may not be the case, and that there are at least two separate lineages in Australia.
"Kambara" and other mekosuchines are often thought to have been better adapted to movement on land than are living crocodilians. The degree of twisting or torsion in the humerus of "Kambara" is less than that of living crocodilians, and the shoulder joint of "Kambara" is stronger and allows for greater motion than those of modern species. However, "Kambara" is still thought to have been at least partially aquatic because its head is flattened like that of typical aquatic crocodilians.
Fossils have been found at the Murgon fossil site in south-eastern Queensland.

Feijó is municipality located in the center of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 31 288 and its area is 24,202 km².
The city is served by Feijó Airport.
The municipality contains the Santa Rosa do Purus National Forest, a sustainable use conservation unit created in 2001.

Jordão (English: Jordan) is a municipality located in the western region of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 6 059 and its area is 5,429 km².
The municipality contains 62% of the Alto Tarauacá Extractive Reserve, created in 2000.

State Highway 191 or SH 191 is a Texas state highway running from the north side of Odessa east to the western edge of Midland. The highway is usually used as a reliever route for local traffic between the two cities, as opposed to I-20 a few miles to the south.
SH 191 begins at an intersection with Spur 450 in western Odessa, just short of SH 302 and Loop 338. The highway runs east along 42nd Street, soon crossing US 385. In the eastern part of the city, SH 191 crosses by Music City Mall and the University of Texas at the Permian Basin and picks up freeway status at the eastern leg of Loop 338. The highway passes through mostly rural land, with some subdivisions nearby. The highway exits the Odessa city limits and enters into Midland County. SH 191 crosses SH 349 just north of Midland International Airport and enters into Midland. A few miles to the northeast of here, SH 158 joins the highway, with the two running together until Loop 250, where SH 191 ends, but the mainlanes continues east into the city as a business route of SH 158.
SH 191 was originally designated by 1933 on a route from Albany south to Coleman. On September 26, 1939, this route had been transferred to US 183. The current SH 191 was designated on August 31, 1977 from SH 158 southwest to Loop 338 & Spur 492.
Spur 492 was designated on June 4, 1970, from Loop 338 westward to Grandview Avenue, replacing FM 2399 and extending the road 0.5 miles west. On August 4, 1970, Spur 492 extended west to another point on Loop 338. This mileage was transferred to SH 191 on April 26, 1983.

List of primary school in South Africa, by Province
Kruisfontuin primer

Splashdown is a water racing video game developed by Rainbow Studios and published by Infogrames for PlayStation 2 and Xbox, It can be played by one or two players. "Splashdown" is quite similar to Nintendo's "Wave Race" series. Players take control of a personal water craft as they race against each other on various courses. Players must pass the correct side of buoys on the way, or the personal water craft may stall as a penalty. It received a sequel, "", in 2003.
"Splashdown" received mostly positive reviews. It has a Metacritic and GameRankings score of 84/100 and 82.48% and 78/100 and 78.07% for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions respectively. IGN gave it 8.8/10 stating the game was highly addictive.

This is a list of characters in the ABC television drama "Murder One".
(Daniel Benzali) The head of the firm, and a respected veteran defense attorney. He gets Richard Cross cleared for Jessica's murder but is surprised to find himself later defending Neil Avedon for the same murder. He spends much of the first season exploring alternative theories as to who killed Jessica Costello in an attempt to clear Neil's name.
(Mary McCormack) Justine is highly driven, and her ambition has overridden her better judgment on more than one occasion. She made no secret of her desire to make second chair when Richard Cross was charged, though Ted ultimately chose Lisa. She later began doing business with Cross, which led to Ted firing her after he found out. He later took her back, however, after she gave the firm valuable information regarding Cross.
(Michael Hayden) A younger attorney, and highly ambitious (though less so than Justine). He served as second chair during the Avedon trial.
(J.C. MacKenzie) A brilliant legal mind, able to obtain relevant precedents from past cases pertaining to current ones. His intelligence is tempered by his awkwardness in social situations, which has rarely led to him making second chair in cases. A mutual attraction developed between him and Julie Costello, though that ended when she abruptly married Richard Cross.
(Grace Phillips) Lisa served as Ted's second chair during the Richard Cross case. She was also having a relationship with Chris.
(John Fleck) Louis is Ted's personal assistant.
(Kevin Tighe) Davie Blalock served as the firm's private investigator until he was murdered by Rusty Arnold while following up a lead for the Avedon case.
(Joe Spano) Ray is a retired police detective whom the firm defended in an assault charge after he attempted to protect a woman from her abusive husband. After Dave Blalock's death, Hoffman hired him as the firm's new investigator.
(Vanessa A. Williams) Lila is the firm's receptionist. Her role on the series is limited though the firm did defend her fiancee on a charge in an early episode.
(Barbara Bosson) The lead prosecutor in the Avedon trial. Her un-chic wardrobe and simple demeanor belie the fact that she is a fierce and effective prosecutor. Despite the adversarial nature of their jobs, she and Ted are good friends and have a mutual personal and professional respect.
(Dylan Baker) A detective in the LAPD's Robbery/Homicide department, he in charge of investigating the murder of Jessica Costello, arresting Richard Cross, then Neil Avedon for the murder. He and Ted frequently butted heads, though tensions eased between the two after Ted's daughter was abducted.
(Gregory Itzin) The political-minded District Attorney of the county of Los Angeles, with aspirations for being elected Governor of California. His professional decisions appear to based at least as much on how the public perceives him as on what is truly the right course of action.
(Markus Redmond) The second chair during the Avedon case. He is a younger, less experienced ADA. Though generally competent, he did not endear himself in the eyes of the jury with his aggressive cross-examination of Neil Avedon's mother.
(Stanley Tucci). A millionaire businessman, a longtime acquaintance of Ted's, and the first man arrested for Jessica Costello's murder. The charges are quickly dismissed after Cross produces an alibi and he later bankrolled Neil Avedon's defense, claiming him to be a friend. As time passes, however, Ted becomes convinced that Cross is manipulating events and may be part of a conspiracy to frame Neil for the murder. Cross was a notorious philanderer and was eventually found to be HIV positive. Once he could no longer safely engage in sex with others, he would set up Jessica and her sister Julie with men, then obtain sexual gratification by having them describe the encounters in graphic detail.
(Jason Gedrick) A popular movie actor with a long history of misdemeanors, who frequently abused drugs and alcohol. The show began with Ted obtaining a deal for Neil following his latest offence, then angrily dismissing him as a client for his reckless behaviour. Ted later reluctantly took his case after he was arrested for the murder of Jessica (whom he'd been dating).
(Bobbie Philips) Jessica's older sister, and a model with a checkered past of her own, largely due to her romantic involvement with Richard Cross. She was originally set to testify against Cross at Neil's trial but stunned Ted and the entire court with the revelation that she could no longer testify as she and Cross had just eloped.
(Patricia Clarkson) Ted's patient and loving wife. She and Ted attempted to shield their young daughter Elizabeth from the heavy public scrutiny of the trial (with limited success). After the trial continued to infiltrate their lives, culminating in Elizabeth being abducted briefly, Annie asked for a separation, and eventually a divorce. After the end of the trial, there were indications the two would reconcile, however.
(Linda Carlson) The presiding judge over the Avedon trial. She and Ted had been romantically involved several years before he was married, though their relationship in the courtroom was strictly professional.
(Donna Murphy) Richard's first wife and a close friend of Ted's. She grew tired of his long history of infidelity and divorced him soon after he was cleared of Jessica's murder. She later had a brief affair with Ted after he and Annie separated.
(Stanley Kamel) Neil's psychiatrist, later found to part of a conspiracy to frame Neil. He testified that Neil had called his office the night of Jessica's murder and confessing to the crime. Hoffman attempted to undermine his credibility by presenting evidence that Lester had sexually abused female patients.
(Miguel Sandoval) A business associate of Richard Cross' from Brazil, he is in fact a cocaine dealer. Cross asked Ted to represent Roberto's son Eduardo on a rape charge, though Roberto paid the young girl off before he can do anything. After Eduardo is later charged with attempting to strangle another girl, Ted begins to wonder if he had something to do with Jessica's death.
(John Pleshette) A producer from the studio that produced Neil's latest movie "Deadbolt". He is one of the people mentioned in Jessica's diary and had possibly slept with her, making him a suspect in her murder. He attempted to feign illness to avoid taking the stand, though the ruse was quickly exposed.
(Collette White) The victim; a fifteen-year-old girl found naked and strangled in her bedroom after having sex with an older man. Numerous suspects and theories surfaced throughout the trial though the identity of her killer was not revealed until the season finale.

Eden Memorial Park Cemetery is a Jewish cemetery located at 11500 Sepulveda Boulevard, Mission Hills, California, in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles. Many Jews from the entertainment industry are buried here.

original film poster
www.soundtrackcollector.com


Mâncio Lima is the westernmost municipality of Brazil and it is located in the state of Acre. It is also the northernmost city of that state. Its population is 13,785 and its area is 4,672 km². Its counterparts in the North, South and East are respectively Uiramutã, state of Roraima; Chuí, Rio Grande do Sul; and João Pessoa, Paraíba.
The municipality contains 32% of the Serra do Divisor National Park, created in 1989.


James Anderson (born 3 November 1985) is an English actor.
Born in the Surrey village of Thursley, Anderson graduated with first class honours from Warwick University and trained at the Actors Studio (MFA) in New York City. He has since had roles for TV, the stage and independent film. He received the 2006 Gold Hugo Award.
On 19 May 2009, it was announced that Anderson would be joining the cast of "Holby City" as student doctor Oliver Valentine. He left the cast in 2013. It was then announced on 30 October 2014 that he had returned to the cast of "Holby City". 
On 2 September 2016 Anderson got engaged in Sifnos, Greece.

Jeffrey C. Thomas (January 1, 1940 – September 16, 2009) was a physician who lived and practiced in Janesville, Wisconsin. United States He was a seven-time candidate for United States Congress in Wisconsin's 1st congressional district. Thomas last won the Democratic nomination in a five-way primary held in September, 2006.
Thomas graduated from Janesville High School in 1958 and from Dartmouth College in 1962. He attended the University of Wisconsin Medical School, where he graduated in 1966. He became board-certified in orthopedic surgery in 1974, and was a member of the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons.
At one time, Thomas was associated with Mercy Health System of Janesville. After he retired, he operated the Well Stone Free Clinic.
Thomas served 12 years on the Janesville School Board and four years on the Janesville City Council.
He ran for Congress 7 times. In his Congressional campaigns he described his primary issues as "health care, health care, health care". In the 2006 election, Thomas was critical of incumbent Republican Paul Ryan and other politicians who had received money from Tom DeLay's Americans for a Republican Majority political action committee and from indicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff.

Manoel Urbano is a municipality located in the center-western region of the Brazilian state of Acre.
As of 2010 it was one of the poorest municipalities in Brazil, with a low Human Development Index.
Manoel Urbano is in the state of Acre, the Vale do Acre mesoregion and the Sena Madureira microregion.
It is from the state capital, Rio Branco, along the BR-364, which is paved to the municipality.
It is bounded on the north by the state of Amazonas, on the south and east by the municipality of Sena Madureira, on the west by the municipality of Santa Rosa do Purus, on the northwest by the municipality of Feijó and on the southwest by Peru.
Its area is .
The municipality contains 2% of the Cazumbá-Iracema Extractive Reserve, established in 2002 to support sustainable use of the natural resources by the traditional population.
It also contains about 66% of the Chandless State Park, created in 2004, which protects an area of rainforest with bamboos that contains various endemic species of flora and fauna.
The history of European settlement dates to the end of the 19th century when two brothers, João Moaco and Zé Moaco, founded the Colocação Tabocal settlement on the right bank of the Purus River. At that time supplies and produce were shipped via the Purus by boats and smaller vessels from the ports of Belém and Manaus.
One summer a boat named "Castelo" was stranded during the dry season, and was not floated until the next rainy season.
The residents began to call the area "Castelo".
In 1936 the residents asked the state government to make the settlement a town named after Manoel Urbano, an Amazonian mestizo from the Manacapurú region who had explored the Purus River.
In the territorial division of 31 December 1936 the region was the Castelo district of the Sena Madureira municipality.
On 1 March 1963 the municipality of Manoel Urbano was separated from Sena Madureira.
In the 2010 Census, its population was 7,981, divided between 5,278 urban and 2,703 rural.
As of 2010 the municipality ranked 5186 out of 5565 of Brazilian municipalities on the Human Development Index.
The overall index was 0.551. Income was 0.586, longevity was 0.767 and education was 0.373.
As of 1 July 2014 the estimated population was 8,514.

This is an incomplete list of Chernobyl-related charities and charitable organisations that were created in response to the Chernobyl disaster of 1986, or whose work involves supporting those suffering the ongoing effects:

Marechal Thaumaturgo is a municipality located in the west of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 13,061 and its area is 7,744 km².
The municipality contains 5% of the Serra do Divisor National Park, created in 1989.
It contains 5% of the Alto Tarauacá Extractive Reserve, created in 2000.

Bertrand Bossu (born 14 October 1980) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper who plays for Isthmian League Division One North club Harlow Town.
Born in Calais, Pas-de-Calais, Bossu started out as a boy at small French amateur club US Blériot-Plage, before joining Calais RUFC. When he was 16 he moved to RC Lens but never managed to play for the professional team there as he was confined to the third and fourth teams.
Bossu joined Barnet in March 2000. He made his debut and subsequently only first team appearance for Barnet on 17 May 2000 in the second leg of the play-off semi-final. Barnet were trailing 2–0 (4–1 on aggregate) away to Peterborough United when Bossu replaced the injured Lee Harrison in the Barnet goal. He conceded one more goal, giving David Farrell his hat-trick and confirming Peterborough's place in the final.
He joined Conference side Hayes on loan in December 2000. His one-man heroics in the 1–0 win away to Boston United on 2 December ended a run of seven consecutive defeats. However, in the process Bossu broke a finger and returned to Barnet to recuperate.
He joined Rushden & Diamonds on loan in March 2001, but failed to make a first team appearance for them and was released by Barnet at the end of the season. He rejoined Hayes in August 2001, but lost his place as Hayes were relegated from the Conference. Although he began the following season as second-choice, he regained his place in the side and went on to win the Hayes Supporters' Player of the Year Award in 2003. In the midst of this he had also become the first Hayes goalkeeper to score a goal, with a last-minute header in the game away to St Albans City.
Bossu joined Gillingham in September 2003 and made his debut later that month away to Walsall. He played just five more times that season, including the victory at home to Premier League side Charlton Athletic in the FA Cup.
In August 2004 he joined Torquay United on a three-month loan deal playing in the first two games of the season away to Bristol City and at home to Hull City the same month. However, he was sent back to Gillingham by Torquay with a knee injury, prompting a row over who should pay his wages. He joined Oldham Athletic in late October 2004, but failed to make their first team.
He was released by Gillingham at the end of the 2004–05 season, joining Darlington in August 2005. The same month he joined Accrington Stanley on loan, playing one Conference National game away to Cambridge United before returning to Darlington where he played 10 times before being released at the end of the season. He then joined Walsall in September 2006, but was released in May 2008.
After being released by Walsall, Bossu then went on trial with Scottish Premier League side Aberdeen. After impressing goalkeeping coach Jim Leighton, he was offered a contract with the Scottish club. Bossu left Aberdeen in August 2009 after only three appearances for the club.
He signed for Crewe Alexandra on a two-month contract on 28 October following a successful trial. However, he left six days later after asking for his contract to be cancelled.
Walsall

David Manning Foster (born 15 May 1944) is an Australian novelist and scientist. He has written a range of satires on the theme of the decline of Western civilization, as well as producing short stories, poetry, essays, and a number of radio plays.
David Manning Foster was born on 15 May 1944 in the Blue Mountains in New South Wales, Australia to George and Hazel (née Manning) Foster, vaudeville and radio performers who separated before his birth, and spent his early years in Katoomba, raised by his mother and maternal grandparents. In 1950, Foster spent six months in Katoomba Hospital recovering from poliomyelitis, a disease that left him with a slight limp. His mother married a bank officer and Foster attended high schools in Sydney (Fort Street High School), Armidale (Armidale High School), and Orange (Orange High School) as the family moved from city to country towns. At Orange High, Foster began playing drums professionally in a jazz dance band.
In 1961, Foster commenced a Arts degree at the University of Sydney in Sydney, but he left studies after a year to work and travel. A year thereafter, in 1963, he return to the University to study chemistry at the University of Sydney School of Chemistry.
Foster worked part-time as a musician and as an engineer at Marrickville Council while he completed his Bachelor of Science in Chemistry. He was awarded the University Medal for Inorganic Chemistry in 1967 and moved to Canberra for a Ph.D. in Biological Inorganic Chemistry at the Australian National University, from which he graduated in 1970.
At the end of this degree, he went to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States to pursue postdoctoral studies at the Institute for Cancer Research at the University of Pennsylvania.
During this time, he began to write his first novellas, later published in "North South West" (1973). Back in Sydney in 1972, he worked as a Research Officer in the Department of Medicine, University of Sydney, before abandoning science for a career as a novelist. Since then he has supported himself and his family by various work as a pool attendant, musician, postman, truck driver, martial arts instructor and trawler fisherman After the publication of "North South West" by Macmillan, Foster was awarded an Australia Council for the Arts Fellowship.
Foster’s first collection of novellas was well-received, and his first novel, "The Pure Land" (1974) won the inaugural The Age Book of the Year prize. The novel is strongly autobiographical as it traces the experiences of the young scientist Danny Harris in America and Australia. At the end of the novel, Danny has abandoned science and appears to be inventing the novel in which he is a character. His grandfather, Albert Manwaring, has left his life as a photographer in Katoomba to seek success and, finally, spiritual purity in America; Danny, born in America, reverses the journey to find a Pure Land in Australia. The novel satirises both the grasping materialism of America and the backward colonialism of Australia. This novel was followed by another collection of stories "Escape to Reality" (1977) which pursued Foster’s interest in masculine irresponsibility and the paradoxes of science and art. With a fellow scientist at the Australian National University, called ‘D.K. Lyall’ (Des Kirk), Foster published "The Empathy Experiment" (1977), a strange exploration of paranoia in the context of scientific experiments in empathy.
A 1978 Marten Bequest enabled Foster to travel to Scotland to research "Moonlite" (1981), his acclaimed satire on colonialism, which places the experiences of Scottish islanders during the clearances of the nineteenth century in paradoxical comparison with the colonising of Australia at the same time. "Plumbum" (1983) uses Foster’s experience in jazz bands to satirise the contemporary Western adulation of rock musicians, contrasting this fervour with the various religions of Bangkok and India. "The Adventures of Christian Rosy Cross" (1985) is a burlesque historical satire on the paradoxes of religious belief following the picaresque adventures of Christian as he searches for the philosopher’s stone. "Dog Rock: a Postal Pastoral" (1985) offers a more benign comedy as Foster examines the trivia of an Australian country town like Bundanoon. A second Dog Rock novel, "The Pale Blue Crochet Coathanger Cover" (1988) continues this nostalgic view of a disappearing rural life with particular reference to the misuse of animals, and, in 2012, Foster published a third Dog Rock novel, "Man of Letters". "Testostero" (1987), inspired by a residence in Venice in 1984, uses the convention of the separated twins to satirise the cultural differences between Britain and Australia, with a third possibility represented by Italy. Among its many allusions and parodies, the novel invokes the traditions of Carnivale and Carlo Goldoni’s play,"The Venetian Twins".
After the Australian Bicentennial celebrations of 1988 Foster published his own satire of the state of contemporary Australia in "Mates of Mars" (1991). The novel follows a group of martial arts enthusiasts as they travel from Sydney to the Northern Territory and encounter a spiritualism that challenges their various beliefs and attitudes. The characters represent a multicultural Australia, and demonstrate the novel’s premise that ‘Australians are not just members of the internal proletariat of...Western Christian Civilisation ( a civilisation now decrepit, that can never take Colonials seriously) but also, in certain key aspects chiefly, but not exclusively, economic, barbarian members of the external proletariat of the Sinic Mahayana Buddhist Civilisation, in its Westernised Japanese/Korean/Colonial Chinese branch, on the southernmost march of that civilisation'.
Foster used the support of an Australian government Creative Fellowship awarded in 1991 (a ‘Keating’ award) to research his monumental "The Glade Within the Grove" (1996). Narrated by the postman of Dog Rock, D’Arcy D’Oliveres, this novel examines the destruction of the native forests of Australia and the decline of Christianity in the context of pre-Christian religious beliefs. Set mainly in the ‘revolutionary’ year of 1968, the novel speculates about a group of hippies who set up a commune in the South Eastern forests of Australia. The novel’s accompanying poem,"The Ballad of Erinungerah", claims to be the work of a child of the commune and describes the visit of the goddess, Brigid, and her demand that the men castrate themselves. The novel celebrates the forests in lyrical descriptions, satirises the stupidity of the communards and translates snatches of classic texts into Australian vernacular. It is celebratory, satirical and elegiac. Later, Foster published under his own name an essay ‘On Castration’ in "Heat" magazine, that incorporated part of the novel as it argued that male sexuality is a destructive force that needs to be controlled. This obsession is evident in all Foster’s work after "Mates of Mars". His novel "In the New Country" offers a comic and despairing view of the decline of rural life in Australia, comparing it to the corresponding decline of spirituality in the Old Country of Ireland. "The Land Where Stories End" is a fairytale about a woodcutter in Ireland who goes on an impossible quest for spiritual purity.
In 2009, Foster published "Sons of the Rumour", his most ambitious and original novel to date. Modelled on the structure of the One Thousand and One Nights, it changes the storyteller’s role from Shahrazad to a group of men travelling through the 7th century city of Merv. Richard Burton's Arabian Nights are transformed into Iranian days. Foster creates a comic structure for the stories with his rather Australian bickering couple the Shah and Shahrazad, but the stories are imaginative adventures, sometimes puzzling, sometimes grotesque and often wondrous. For example, ‘The Mine in the Moon’ imagines a world without women, where boys grow up without maternal comfort; ‘The Tears of the Fish’ describes an orgy and castration ritual; 'The Gilt Felt Yurt' measures the loss of freedom in the creation of civilization and settlement. In the course of the stories the Shah undergoes an education in spiritualism and sexual understanding. A final section of the novel moves to the present day where a modern man undergoes a visionary experience in Ireland. Reviewing the novel for "Australian Book Review", James Ley concluded, 'There is simply no one remotely like him in contemporary Australian fiction. He is so far ahead of everyone else that it's not funny. Except that it is funny—very, very funny'.
In 1964, Foster married his Orange High girlfriend, Robin Bowers, with whom he would have three children; Samantha (b. 1968), Natalie (b. 1969), and Seth (b. 1973).
In 1974, he left his wife and family to live with Gerda Busch, the singer in the Canberra jazz band where he played drums. They moved to the country town of Bundanoon, where they married and had three children, Antigone (b. 1975), Levi (b. 1976), and Zoe Foster Blake (b. 1980). Foster worked as a postman at Bundanoon for many years, and his "Dog Rock" novels provide a comic version of the town.
Novels
Poetry
Non-fiction

Barbara Ruick (December 23, 1930 – March 3, 1974) was an American actress and singer.
Ruick was the daughter of actors Lurene Tuttle and Melville Ruick. She grew up acting out scenes with dolls, employing her mother as an audience. Ruick attended Roosevelt High School, Burbank High School in Burbank and North Hollywood High School. She did little acting in high school but joined a school band at the age of fourteen. Ruick sang with the band at dances and benefits.
Ruick achieved success in radio prior to signing as a contract player with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. She was heard in the original radio version of Dragnet. She also recorded several songs for MGM Records. In the 1950s, Ruick starred as Kay in the first LP recording of the songs from George Gershwin and Ira Gershwin's 1926 Broadway musical, "Oh, Kay!". This was a studio cast recording released by Columbia Records, and conducted by Lehman Engel. Despite what is sometimes claimed, it did not use the original orchestrations, but was the most complete recording of the score made up to that time. She landed a job on "Hollywood Screen Test", a talent show which aired on ABC Television from 1948-1953. Ruick appeared on the "Kraft Television Theater", soap operas, and "The College Bowl" (1950), which was hosted by Chico Marx. She also performed for fifteen weeks on the Jerry Colonna Show. In 1955 she was a regular on "The Johnny Carson Show".
She made guest appearances on "The Millionaire" (1957), "Public Defender" (1954), "Brothers Brannigan" (1960), "The 20th Century Fox Hour" (1956), and "Climax Mystery Theater" (1955). She had bit parts in her first four films, one of them being "The Band Wagon" (1953), and then graduated to supporting roles. Her best remembered roles both came from Rodgers and Hammerstein. She playede Carrie Pipperidge in the film version of "Carousel" (1956) and Esmerelda, one of the wicked stepsisters, in the 1965 TV version of "Rodgers and Hammerstein's Cinderella".
Ruick married actor Robert Horton Jr., in Las Vegas, Nevada, on August 22, 1953. She had co-starred with Horton in the movie "Apache War Smoke" the previous year. The couple separated just prior to their second wedding anniversary in 1955 and divorced in 1956, just after he accompanied her to the world premiere of "Carousel". She was the wife of film composer John Williams from 1956 until her death. Following her marriage to Williams, Ruick appeared in few motion pictures. They had three children together.
Barbara Ruick Williams died on March 3, 1974, aged 43, from a cerebral hemorrhage in Reno, Nevada while on location with her last film, Robert Altman's "California Split", which is dedicated to her. She had a cameo role as a barmaid. She was interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale, California.

Plácido de Castro is a municipality located in the east of the Brazilian state of Acre on the border with Bolivia.
The municipal seat is on the left bank of the Abunã River, which defines the boundary between Brazil and Bolivia.
It is from Rio Branco by road, or as the crow flies, accessible to weekend tourists from the city via the AC-40 highway.
It has an area of , and is the 19th largest in area in Acre.
The municipality is bounded to the north and northwest by the municipality of Senador Guiomard, to the east by the municipality of Acrelândia, to the south by Bolivia and to the west by the municipality of Capixaba.
The municipality contains the Plácido de Castro Ecological Park, a municipal conservation area that contains 113 genera of trees.
An area that held large trees such as Brazil nut, rubber, cocoa and mahogany was destroyed by fire in 2005.
The surrounding area has several large, ancient earthworks termed "geoglifos" by regional archaeologists.
An example is clearly visible in aerial photography at .
In the early 20th century the region of the present municipality was a place where fugitives from the law took refuge.
José Plácido de Castro, who was prefect of the Alto Acre department in 1906-07, recommended the need for a settlement to stabilise the situation.
In 1922 a trading post was established, serving extractors of nuts and rubber in the Abunã River basin.
The post was in a rubber tappers' settlement named Pacatuba on the São Gabriel rubber estate, which was soon renamed after Plácido de Castro, a hero of the Acre War.
The Plácido de Castro District is shown as part of the Rio Branco municipality in the divisions of 31 December 1936 and 1 July 1960.
The town did not develop until the 1940s and 1950s with the opening of the present road that links the city of Rio Branco to the towns of Quinari (Senador Guiomard) and Plácido de Castro.
The municipality of Plácido de Castro was created on 10 March 1963.
The 2010 census gave the population as 17,209, of which 8,999 were men and 8,210 women. 12,384 were literate.
6,787 were Roman Catholic and 5,134 were Evangelical Christians.
The Human Development Index as of 2010 was 0.622.
In 2015 there were 3,260 elementary school pupils and 776 secondary school pupils.
Estimated population as of 2016 was 18,159.
The municipality is the 8th largest in Acre by population, with a population density of 8.87 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The local economy is based on beef and dairy cattle, saw mills, furniture manufacture, tourism, agriculture and extraction, particularly Brazil nuts.
The neighbouring Bolivian village of Vila Montevidéu had a free trade zone for imported goods that was much visited by Brazilians.
The village was burned in a major fire in 2007 and was rebuilt on a nearby site with the new name of Vila Evo Morales.
The name honours President Evo Morales of Bolivia, who sent aid for reconstruction and was the first Bolivian president to visit the village.


Porto Acre is a municipality located in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Acre. 
The economy is mainly based on agriculture. As of 2010 the municipality had a population of 14,806.
Porto Acre is in the eastern part of the state of Acre, to the north of the BR-364 highway and Rio Branco.
The municipal seat is on the left (west) bank of the Acre River, a tributary of the Purus River that runs through the municipality from south to north.
The town can be accessed by boat along the Acre River or by land along the AC-010 highway which runs north from Rio Branco for .
The distance from Rio Branco as the crow flies is .
Porto Acre is limited to the north by the state of Amazonas, to the west and south by the municipality of Bujari, to the south by Rio Branco and to the east by the municipality of Senador Guiomard.
In 1899 Acre belonged to Bolivia and the present municipal seat was named Puerto Alonso.
That year Luis Gálvez Rodríguez de Arias expelled the Bolivians and declared the Independent State of Acre.
He renamed Puerto Alonso to Cidade do Acre and made it the headquarters of the new state.
The state created a flag, minted its own currency, drafted a constitution, appointed ministers and formed an army.
However, Galves was deposed and arrested after a few months and the Bolivians regained control.
At the start of 1902 José Plácido de Castro accepted an invitation to lead a revolt against Bolivia.
He took a boat up the Acre river, ostensibly to conduct land surveys in the south but in practice carrying arms and ammunition. 
He stopped off briefly in Puerto Alonso to meet the Bolivian governor Lino Romero and evaluate his future opponent.
In the south he organised the rubber tappers and other inhabitants for the revolt.
He then returned to Brazil, bypassing Puerto Alonso to avoid alerting the Bolivians.
Plácido captured Xapuri on 6 August 1902 and next day proclaimed that Acre was independent.
On 14 October 1902 the rebels captured some of the outer defences of Puerto Alonso and the armed Bolivian launch "Rio Afua", which they renamed the "Independencia".
Plácido de Castro surrounded the town on 8 January 1903, and launched an attack on 15 January 1903 that soon petered out.
His men started to dig zigzag trenches to the Bolivian lines.
Eventually, with his forces exhausted and almost out of ammunition, Romero surrendered on 24 January 1903.
The municipality of Porto Acre gained autonomy on 28 April 1992 when it was separated from the Rio Branco municipality.
The first mayor and councillors took office of 1 January 1993.
According to the 2010 census the municipality has a population of 14,806.
The municipality has an area of and a population density of 5.71 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The local football team is Valência Porto Acre.
Porto Acre's economy is based on extraction of rubber, Brazil nut and wood processing, small-scale livestock, horticultural products and general commerce.
The Acre River is still used for movement of goods and people.
During the dry season its fertile banks are used to grow watermelon, banana, vegetables, cassava and other food crops.
There are nine settlement projects with a total area of , or 44.1% of the municipal area.


Coordenação Nacional de Lutas (National Struggles Coordination), "Conlutas", is a Brazilian left-wing trade union confederation. Formed in 2004, through efforts led partly by the United Socialist Workers' Party, it consists of 17 unions ; most of them are civil service workers' unions.

These "writers" have won the American Pulitzer Prize for History.
For articles on their prize-winning "books", see .
See also . 


original film poster
source:

Porto Walter is a municipality located in the west of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 8170 and its area is 6,136 km².
The municipality contains 27% of the Serra do Divisor National Park, created in 1989.

The Australian Film Commission (AFC) was an Australian government agency with a mandate to promote the creation and distribution of films in Australia as well as to preserve the country's film history. It also had a production arm responsible for production and commissioning of films for the Australian Government. It was established by the Whitlam Government in 1975 as the successor to the Australian Film Development Corporation set up by the Gorton Government. The AFC had offices in Brisbane, Melbourne, Canberra and Sydney.
The AFC was funded in part by the national government and in part from its return on investments in film production as well as interest on film development loans. It financially assisted film and television production and also produced films generally intended for government purposes, through its production arm, Film Australia,—previously known as the Commonwealth Film Unit. A Film Australia feature film for children, Let the Balloon Go, was released in 1976.
In 1998-99, Film Finance Corporation Australia was set up as a government-owned corporation and took over the major role of financing feature film and television production, with the AFC concentrating on the funding of development, marketing and research work for the media. Film Australia became a separate entity. 
Then in legislation in 2008, the Australian Government created a new agency, Screen Australia, which merged the major government film bodies Film Finance Corporation Australia, Film Australia, and the Australian Film Commission back into a single body, albeit with slightly different functions, roles and financing methods. Screen Australia started operating in July 2008.
The AFC was established on 7 July 1975. In the first year of its existence its budget was $6.5 million.
In 1979-80 its budget was $10 million, and it received $2.5 million from its investments.

Abigail Garner (born 1975 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American author and advocate for children with LGBT parents.
Gamer is the author of "Families Like Mine", a complication of interviews from more than 50 children of GLBT parents, and discusses a breadth of issues including AIDS, divorce and homophobia. She is the creator of a companion website to the book, FamiliesLikeMine.com, a resource for LGBT families. Her writing has appeared in a number of publications including a commentary in "Newsweek".
Garner served on the board of the Minnesota/St. Paul chapter of PFLAG (Parents, Friends and Families of Lesbians and Gays). In addition, for six years she was on the board for the Twin Cities chapter of COLAGE.
Garner popularized the term "Queerspawn", a term children with gay parents call themselves, coined by Stefan Lynch, first director of COLAGE. She is a graduate of Wellesley College. Garner identifies as heterosexual, her father came out as gay when she was five years old.

Dominic Joseph "Mike" Ryba (June 9, 1903 – December 13, 1971) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. A native of De Lancey, Pennsylvania, he attended Saint Francis University, Loretto, Pennsylvania. He was a right-hander and played for the St. Louis Cardinals (1935–1938) and Boston Red Sox (1941–1946). In 1946, at the age of 43, he was the second-oldest player to appear in an American League game that season.
Ryba was usually used in relief during his ten-year major league career. He was also used as a catcher in ten games and was so versatile. While in the minor leagues, he played all nine positions at various points. He made his major league debut on September 22, 1935 against the Cincinnati Reds in game 1 of a doubleheader at Sportsman's Park. He pitched seven innings of two-hit relief and was the winning pitcher in the 14–4 game. He also had two hits and three runs batted in to help his cause.
In four seasons with St. Louis he won 16 games, lost 9, and had an ERA of 4.39. On September 5, 1940 he was traded to the Boston Red Sox for pitcher Al Brazle. Ryba was 37 years old and had not pitched in the big leagues for two years, but his best seasons were ahead of him.
In six years with the Red Sox he won 36 games, lost 25, saved 16, and had an ERA of 3.42. Boston won the pennant in his last season, and Ryba appeared in Game # 4 of the 1946 World Series, giving up one earned run and allowing two inherited runners to score in 2/3 of an inning. Ryba caught both games of a home doubleheader against the Cleveland Indians on July 19, 1942.
Ryba finished in his league's top ten for games finished 5 times, games pitched 3 times, saves 2 times, and winning percentage 1 time.
Career totals for 250 games (240 as a pitcher) include a record of 52–34 (.605), 36 games started, 16 complete games, 2 shutouts, 132 games finished, and 16 saves. He allowed 319 earned runs in 783.2 innings pitched for an ERA of 3.66. He wielded a strong bat for a pitcher, hitting .235 (58-for-247) with 24 RBI. He was strong defensively as well, making just seven errors as a pitcher and none as a catcher.
Ryba managed in the Red Sox, Cardinals and Cincinnati Reds farm systems after his pitching career, coached for St. Louis from 1951 to 1955, and scouted for the Cardinals and Reds until his death, at the age of 68 in Brookline Station, Missouri, when he fell from a ladder in his yard while trimming branches of a tree.

Adalvard is the name of two clergymen who were active in Sweden during its Christianization in the 11th century.

Rodrigues Alves is a municipality located in the west of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 12 428 and its area is 3,305 km².
The municipality contains 13.45% of the Serra do Divisor National Park, created in 1989.

David Foster is a Canadian musician and record producer, pianist.
David Foster may also refer to:

A conditional event algebra (CEA) is an algebraic structure whose domain consists of logical objects described by statements of forms such as "If "A", then "B"," ""B", given "A"," and ""B", in case "A"." Unlike the standard Boolean algebra of events, a CEA allows the defining of a probability function, "P", which satisfies the equation "P"(If "A" then "B") = "P"("A" and "B") / "P"("A") over a usefully broad range of conditions.
In standard probability theory, one begins with a set, Ω, of outcomes (or, in alternate terminology, a set of possible worlds) and a set, "F", of some (not necessarily all) subsets of Ω, such that "F" is closed under the countably infinite versions of the operations of basic set theory: union (∪), intersection (∩), and complementation ( ′). A member of "F" is called an event (or, alternatively, a proposition), and "F", the set of events, is the domain of the algebra. Ω is, necessarily, a member of "F", namely the trivial event "Some outcome occurs."
A probability function "P" assigns to each member of "F" a real number, in such a way as to satisfy the following axioms:
It follows that "P"("E") is always less than or equal to 1. The probability function is the basis for statements like "P"("A" ∩ "B"′) = 0.73, which means, "The probability that "A" but not "B" is 73%."
The statement "The probability that if "A", then "B", is 24%" means (put intuitively) that event "B" occurs in 24% of the outcomes where event "A" occurs. The standard formal expression of this is "P"("B"|"A") = 0.24, where the conditional probability "P"("B"|"A") equals, by definition, "P"("A" ∩ "B") / "P"("A").
It is tempting to write, instead, "P"("A" → "B") = 0.24, where "A" → "B" is the conditional event "If "A", then "B"." That is, given events "A" and "B", one might posit an event, "A" → "B", such that "P"("A" → "B") could be counted on to equal "P"("B"|"A"). One benefit of being able to refer to conditional events would be the opportunity to nest conditional event descriptions within larger constructions. Then, for instance, one could write "P"("A" ∪ ("B" → "C")) = 0.51, meaning, "The probability that either "A", or else if "B", then "C", is 51%."
Unfortunately, philosopher David Lewis showed that in orthodox probability theory, only certain trivial Boolean algebras with very few elements contain, for any given "A" and "B", an event "X" such that "P"("X") = "P"("B"|"A") is true for any probability function "P". Later extended by others, this result stands as a major obstacle to any talk about logical objects that can be the bearers of conditional probabilities.
The classification of an algebra makes no reference to the nature of the objects in the domain, being entirely a matter of the formal behavior of the operations on the domain. However, investigation of the properties of an algebra often proceeds by assuming the objects to have a particular character. Thus, the canonical Boolean algebra is, as described above, an algebra of subsets of a universe set. What Lewis in effect showed is what can and cannot be done with an algebra whose members behave like members of such a set of subsets.
Conditional event algebras circumvent the obstacle identified by Lewis by using a nonstandard domain of objects. Instead of being members of a set "F" of subsets of some universe set Ω, the canonical objects are normally higher-level constructions of members of "F." The most natural construction, and historically the first, uses ordered pairs of members of "F." Other constructions use sets of members of "F" or infinite sequences of members of "F".
Specific types of CEA include the following (listed in order of discovery):
CEAs differ in their formal properties, so that they cannot be considered a single, axiomatically characterized class of algebra. Goodman-Nguyen-van Frassen algebras, for example, are Boolean while Calabrese algebras are non-distributive. The latter, however, support the intuitively appealing identity "A" → ("B" → "C") = ("A" ∩ "B") → "C", while the former do not.
Goodman, I. R., R. P. S. Mahler, and H. T. Nguyen. 1999. "What is conditional event algebra and why should you care?" "SPIE Proceedings", Vol 3720.
Lewis, David K. 1976. "Probabilities of conditionals and conditional probabilities." "Philosophical Review" 85: 297-315.

Born in the Aizu domain (Fukushima Prefecture), Sōkaku grew up in a time of war (Boshin) and civil strife and was able to witness both first hand while still a young boy. The second son of Takeda Sōkichi, a samurai of the Takeda clan who worked his farm and taught at a local school in a Buddhist temple. His mother, Tomi Kurokochi, was a daughter of Dengoro Kurokochi, a Yari and Kenjutsu master. It is believed that Sōkaku received his first martial arts training from his father who had a dojo on their property.
Sōkichi was apparently expert in the use of both sword and spear, and had once been a sumo wrestler of ozeki rank. It is believed that Sōkaku was exposed to the teachings of Hōzōin-ryū Takada-ha and Ono-ha Ittō-ryū, schools of spear and swordsmanship respectively.
Sōkaku then left to go on a period of austere training where he travelled, fought and trained at the schools of many teachers, a not uncommon practise of the time. Reputedly, Sōkaku spent some time as a live-in student of Kenkichi Sakakibara, headmaster of the Jikishinkage-ryū and considered to be one of the most famous and skilled swordsmen of the era.
With the outlawing of the samurai class and the prohibition against carrying swords (Haitōrei Edict) apparentally Sokaku decided to emphasize the empty handed, jujutsu oriented, techniques of his ancestor's art. These apparently were 'oshiki-uchi', or secret teachings of the Aizu clan, up to that point. These, along with other skills he had acquired, were combined to create an art which he christened first 'Daitō-ryū jūjutsu' and later 'Daitō-ryū Aiki-jūjutsu'.
In about 1875, rumor reached Sōkaku that Saigō Takamori had launched his rebellion in Satsuma against the forces of the new Meiji government. He decided immediately that he would go to lend his support. He made it as far as Kyushu but was unable to reach his destination, so he returned to Osaka where he spent the next ten years as a guest in the Kyōshin Meichi-ryū dojo of swordsman Momonoi Shunzo.
Sōkaku lived a somewhat itinerant life, travelling the length and breadth of the country giving seminars in martial arts to military officers, police officers and martial arts enthusiasts, often of high social standing. He left extensive records of those he taught in the 'eimeiroku' and the 'shareikoku' which were attendance and fee ledgers of those who attended and paid for lessons from him.
Taking over the role of headmaster of the art was Sōkaku's son, Tokimune Takeda, who established the Daitokan school in Hokkaidō to promote the art and re-christened it 'Daitō-ryū Aiki Budō'. Tokimune is said to have contributed much of the teaching system which exists for the art today; naming and classifying the techniques and further simplifying the weapons component of the system. He emphasized the Ona ha Itto-ryu portion of the weapons curriculum over other elements that Sōkaku taught to some advanced students.
Sokaku's highest ranking students were Hisa Takuma and Masao Tonedate, both high executives of the "Asahi" newspaper in Osaka, whose own students established the Takumakai and the Daibukan.
Other important students of Sōkaku's were Yukiyoshi Sagawa, who some believe was the most talented of his early students, Kodo Horikawa (Kotaro), whose students established the Kodokai and the Roppokai, Kōtarō Yoshida, Hosaku Matsuda and Tomekichi Yamamoto.
His most famous student was the founder of aikido, Morihei Ueshiba and it is the popularity of this modern martial arts form that is responsible for much of the interest in Daitō-ryū today.
Hosaku Matsuda was taught by Sōkaku, who in turn taught Yoshiji Okuyama, who in turn founded the Hakkō-ryū Jujutsu school. Okuyama taught Michiomi Nakano, who later as Dōshin Sō, founder of Nippon Shorinji Kempo. Choi Yong-Sool, the founder of Hapkido was adopted by Sokaku and trained with him as well.
The influence of the teachings of Sokaku Takeda are readily discernible in the physical techniques of aikido, Hakko Ryu, Nippon Shorinji Kempo, hapkido and judo's goshin jutsu self-defense kata (via Kenji Tomiki) today.

Wnn ( or ) is a Japanese input system. The network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system was jointly developed and released by the Software Research Group of Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences, Omron Tateisi Electronics Co., and Astec, Inc.
It is distributed as freeware with a licence allowing users to copy and modify the software; however, it is not free software since certain restrictions are placed on the user, including a prohibition on changing the name. The licence is otherwise similar to the (old, containing the advertising clause) BSD licence.
Wnn is used as part of several programs that deal with Japanese text, including JWPce and NJStar's Japanese Word Processor.
The name is derived from the Japanese phrase "Watashi no namae wa Nakano desu" (my name is Nakano), as a design goal of the Wnn project was to be able to enter such a sentence, and have the correct kanji and kana [私の名前は中野です] selected automatically.
Wnn is maintained by the FreeWnn project.

Santa Rosa do Purus is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Acre. 
Santa Rosa do Purus is the smallest city in Acre. It is located in the center of the state with the border of the Republic of Peru just across the river. Its population is 3 948 and its area is 5,981 km². Santa Rosa do Purus is one of the remotest communities in Brazil. 82% of the population is living in rural districts. The town of Santa Rosa lies on the banks of the Purus River. The only way to reach this town is by a two-three-day journey upriver by boat or by light aircraft. The only street is lined on either side with boxy, Monopoly-like wooden houses with corrugated metal roofs.
Connected to the ECT network since 2003, the local post office offers online operations and Internet access. This technological progress is a first in the history of the town, which previously had only two means of communication: the local radio station and the church's loudspeaker. The arrival of the Post Bank has made it easier for the town council to pay the salaries of its employees and those of state officials. The post office also collects municipal, state and federal taxes.
The municipality contains about 23% of the Chandless State Park, created in 2004, which protects an area of rainforest with bamboos that contains various endemic species of flora and fauna.

The Humanistic coefficient () is a conceptual object, a methodological principle or simply a method of conducting social research that refers to a way of data analysis stressing the importance of the perception of the analyzed experience by their participants. The term was coined by Polish sociologist, Florian Znaniecki.
Znaniecki coined the original term in Polish in his "Wstęp do socjologii" (Introduction to Sociology, 1922) and translated it to English as the humanistic coefficient in "The Object-Matter of Sociology" (1927).
In Znaniecki's own words: "an observer of cultural life can understand the data observed only if taken with the "humanistic coefficient", only if he does not limit his observation to his own direct experience of the data but reconstructs the experience and the data in the social context of the people involved". Elsewhere he wrote: "This essential character of cultural data we call the humanistic coefficient, because such data, as objects of the student's theoretic reflection, already belong to somebody's else's experience and are such as this active experience makes them."
Piotr Sztompka defines the humanistic coefficient as "a connection that exists between each social fact and actions and experiences of particular individuals, and the resulting need for those facts to be studied from specific perspective that requires the research to place him or herself in the position of those individuals." Elżbieta Hałas in turn defines it as "the notion of the human collective's constructing and reconstructing of reality", thus related to the concept of social constructionist.
According to the concept of the humanistic coefficient, all social facts are created by social actors, and can only be understood from their perspective. No social facts can exist without connection to some individuals (although that connection does not have to necessarily be consciously perceived). Thus the sociologist should study reality by trying to understand how others see the world, not as an independent observer (objectively); in other words the scientist needs to understand the world of the subject. Ken Plummer puts it curtly as "the object of study is always linked to somebody's human meanings.
While some have criticized the humanistic coefficient approach as too close to subjectivism, Znaniecki himself saw is as anti-subjectivist; he noted that social facts like cultural systems can exist even if nobody perceives their existence. He was also critical of any value coming from personal, subjective observations, arguing that such observations have value only if they can be objectively described. Both natural and social sciences operate within the bounds of the humanistic coefficient, but the natural sciences may abstract the pheomena they analyze from it, while the social sciences are methodologically obliged to account for it. Thus Znaniecki argued that the difference between natural and social sciences lies not in the difference between objective and subjective experiences, but in the subject of what is being studied: for Znaniecki, natural sciences studied things, and social sciences – cultural values. He saw sociology as a nomothetic science that should be able to use a similar methodology as natural sciences.
The humanistic coefficient concerns the ontology of culture, but it also has an epistemological aspect, as it describes how sociological concepts should be constructed in an environment where social facts investigated by the researchers can be accessed only through experiences and actions of the subjects he or she observes.
The humanistic coefficient is a major element in the sociological theory of Znaniecki.

Sena Madureira is a municipality located in the center of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 34 230 and its area is , making it the largest municipality in the state. It has a climate which combines temperatures of almost with humidities in the upper 90s percent, all year round.
The municipality contains part of the Rio Acre Ecological Station.
It also contains part of the Chico Mendes Extractive Reserve, a sustainable use environmental unit created in 1990.
It contains the Macauã National Forest, a sustainable use conservation unit created in 1988.
It also contains the São Francisco National Forest, a sustainable use conservation unit created in 2001.
It contains 98% of the Cazumbá-Iracema Extractive Reserve, established in 2002 to support sustainable use of the natural resources by the traditional population.
The municipality contains about 12% of the Chandless State Park, created in 2004, which protects an area of rainforest with bamboos that contains various endemic species of flora and fauna.
It contains about 27% of the Antimary State Forest, a sustainable use conservation unit established in 1997.

Self-made
Taken 10/27/06
Atlanta, GA

Senador Guiomard is a municipality located in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Acre. Its population is 18,863 and its area is 2,047 km².

Elias "Eli" Bauer (1928–1998) was born in The Bronx, New York to Max and Goldie Bauer. It was his passion for art that took him out of the Bronx and into Manhattan, where he attended the School of Industrial Arts.
He went on to become a storyman and layout artist working for Ray Patin Productions in Hollywood, CA, and Terrytoons in New Rochelle New York. It was while at Terrytoons that Bauer created the popular animated character "Hector Heathcote", the Minute and a Half Man. He also freelanced and found success with his own comic strips "Kermit the Hermit" and "Norman" and formed a production company, Ariel Productions, with the late Al Kouzel that created Sesame Street animated spots, commercials and continued the Winky Dink and You TV series.
He would later concentrate on writing and drawing his own "gags" for such well known magazines as Playboy, Penthouse, Punch, Collier's Weekly and Omni.
In 1958 Eli Bauer married Norma (Dianne) Littlejohn and they had three children: Nyles Bauer, born 1961; Aimee Bauer, born 1962; Laura Bauer, born 1965.


Tarauacá is a municipality located in the northwest of the Brazilian state of Acre. Tarauacá has a population of 35,526 people and has an area .
The municipality contains 38% of the Alto Tarauacá Extractive Reserve, created in 2000.
It contains the Rio Gregório State Forest, a sustainable use conservation unit created in 2004.
It also contains the Mogno State Forest and the Rio Liberdade State Forest, two other sustainable use units created on the same date.
Tarauacá is served by José Galera dos Santos Airport.

Xapuri () is a municipality located in the southeast of the Brazilian state of Acre. 
It was the scene of an early bloodless victory during the war to make Acre independent of Bolivia. The town is known as the birthplace of the rubber tapper and environmentalist Chico Mendes.
Xapuri is at the point where the Xapuri River meets the Acre River.
Its name is said to come from the Indian word "Chapury", meaning "river meeting".
Another explanation is that its name comes from the indigenous tribe of "Xapury" people.
The town is about northwest of the BR-317 highway which leads from Rio Branco, to the east, to Brasiléia, to the west. It has broad streets and wooden houses.
The area of the municipality is .
It is 12th largest in area in Acre.
It is bounded by the municipality of Sena Madureira to the west, Rio Branco to the north, Capixaba to the east, Epitaciolândia to the south, and Brasiléia to the southwest.
The municipality contains part of the Chico Mendes Extractive Reserve, a sustainable use environmental unit created in 1990.
The reserve is fairly well maintained apart from a few locations of deforestation, but its surroundings are quite deforested, compromising its buffer zone.
Xapuri was born in 1883 shortly after Volta da Empreza (today's Rio Branco) was founded.
The first Europeans came to the region in the first rubber boom, a period of uncontrolled land-grabbing and extraction of forest resources.
The village of Xapuri became one of Acre's main rubber trading posts, and the region was an important producer of rubber and Brazil nuts.
Until the Acre War of 1902–03 it was part of Bolivia, although most of the new colonists were Brazilian.
At the time of the Acre War the Bolivians called the post Mariscal Sucre.
At the start of 1902 José Plácido de Castro accepted an invitation to lead a revolt against Bolivia.
Although he argued for immediately attacking the garrison of 230 troops at Puerto Alonso (now Porto Acre), Plácido de Castro was persuaded to first take the outpost at Xapuri.
He entered Xapuri with 33 men in the early morning of 6 August 1902 and captured the sleeping garrison without spilling blood.
On 7 August 1902 he issued a manifesto proclaiming that Acre was independent.
After further fighting the last Bolivian forces surrender at what is now Porto Acre on 24 January 1903.
The village of Xapuri was officially elevated to the status of a town on 22 March 1904 by the prefect of Alto Acre, Colonel Augusto da Cunha Matos.
On 22 March 1905 it was elevated to the status of city by the interim prefect Captain Odilon Pratagi Brasiliense.
Xapuri was officially made a municipality on 23 October 1912.
Infrastructure was soon built, including trading houses and schools.
For many years Xapuri was known as the Little Princess of Acre ("Princesinha do Acre") due to its great wealth from rubber.
The city became famous after the 1988 assassination of the rubber tapper and environmentalist Chico Mendes, who was born in Xapuri.
His house has been preserved as one of the attractions of the town.
The municipality of Xapuri has the 9th largest population in Acre.
As of 2010 the population was 16,091.
The estimated population in 2016 was 17,608.
The population density of 2010 was 3.01 people per square kilometre.
The town is an important Acre tourist destination for its monuments to the Acre War and the house of Chico Mendes, and has an eco-lodge at the Seringal Waterfall. 
Apart from cattle ranching and subsistence farming, there is a condom factory, wood flooring factory and furniture workshops.
There are several settlement projects for extraction of nuts and rubber, subsistence agriculture and forestry.
The people also raise livestock, hunt and fish.
The Xapuri I and II projects are trying to bring back extractors and farmers who had moved to the city and to promote recovery of areas of pasturage and slash-and-burn agriculture by replanting fruit trees and timber trees.

A high-power field (HPF), when used in relation to microscopy, references the area visible under the maximum magnification power of the objective being used. Often, this represents a 400-fold magnification when referenced in scientific papers.
The area provides a reference unit, for example in reference ranges for urine tests.
Used for grading of soft tissue tumors: Grading, usually on a scale of I to III, is based
on the degree of differentiation, the average number of
mitoses per high-power field, cellularity, pleomorphism,
and an estimate of the extent of necrosis (presumably a
reflection of rate of growth). Mitotic counts and necrosis
are the most important predictors.

The 2006 Lakeside World Professional Darts Championship was held from 7–15 January 2006 at the Lakeside Country Club in Frimley Green, Surrey. Defending champion Raymond van Barneveld was aiming to win a fifth BDO world title, equalling the record set by Eric Bristow. However, he was beaten 7–5 in the final by Dutch qualifier Jelle Klaasen. Klaasen became the youngest World Champion at aged 21 and became the first qualifier to win the World Championship since Keith Deller in 1983, who became the youngest World Champion himself, aged 23. This would eventually be Van Barneveld's last ever appearance at the Lakeside as he would switch to the rival Professional Darts Corporation the next month.
Men
The 2006 championship was the last to be staged under the eight seeds format. For the 2007 event the number of seeded players for the Men's championship was increased to 16. 2006 would also see a new format for the tournament with second round matches extended to the best of seven sets, as had been requested by numerous players down the years. The Semi-finals were also extended to best of 11 sets and the final a best of 13 set affair.
The prize money was £209,000 for the men's event and £11,000 for the women's event.
There was also a shared 9 Dart Checkout prize of £52,000, along with a High Checkout prize of £2,000 per event.
Source:
In the women's tournament, Trina Gulliver continued her domination of the women's game by winning her sixth successive title, defeating Francis Hoenselaar 2–0. It was the third successive year that Gulliver and Hoenselaar had met in the final and the fourth time in five years.
Women
£11,000 for the women's event.





Volkspele is a South African folk dance tradition.
Directly translated, "Volkspele" means "folk-games" and can be translated to folk-dance. Folk-dance was the brain-child of South African Dr. SH Pellisier, who was visiting Sweden in 1915 with a friend to become more proficient in carpentry. After finishing their day's work they met with other young people in their respective countries' national dress to practise their folk-singing and -dancing. The South Africans were the only ones left out as they did not have any traditional dances.
Back in South Africa, Pellisier translated four Swedish dances and taught them to pupils at the Afrikaans High School in Boshof where he was Deputy Headmaster. During a Sunday School picnic on the farm Vuisfontein near Boshof on 22 February 1914 they performed the dances for the first time. The picnic games became known as volkspele.
With the help of the Reddingsdaadbond, an organisation which was established to assist poor Afrikaners after the Anglo Boer War, groups of dancers called "laers" were established throughout the country.
Get-togethers called "saamtrekke" are usually organised where all the "laers" get together to sing and do folk-dancing. The folk-dancers also present displays and have courses on different levels, seniors: people out of school, and juniors: learners in school, for either a weekend or longer. During the June school holidays there are also courses for grade 5-7 pupils (known as the "Judith Pellissierweek" - named after the wife of Dr Pellissier), grade 8-9 pupils (known as the "Vormingsweek" - Formative) and for grade 10-12 pupils (known as the "Pellisierweek"). From time to time there are overseas tours; or a folk-dance group or two will tour with South African folk-dancers in South Africa, giving displays at various towns. At these "saamtrekke", displays, tours and courses the dress ("volkspeledrag") is as the photos below show.
Tours have been conducted to Europe, Namibia, The United States and Turkey, with groups from Italy, Germany, Belgium and others touring South Africa.
The dress originated from the formal dress the pioneers or Voortrekkers wore. It is called national dress, as in the European countries. All folk-dancers in South Africa must use the same style with only the colours differing. Each "laer" has its own colours for the ladies' dresses as well as for the men's waistcoats - these are embroidered with indigenous flower designs.


In mathematics, Goldie's theorem is a basic structural result in ring theory, proved by Alfred Goldie during the 1950s. What is now termed a right Goldie ring is a ring "R" that has finite uniform dimension (="finite rank") as a right module over itself, and satisfies the ascending chain condition on right annihilators of subsets of "R". 
Goldie's theorem states that the semiprime right Goldie rings are precisely those that have a semisimple Artinian right classical ring of quotients. The structure of this ring of quotients is then completely determined by the Artin–Wedderburn theorem.
In particular, Goldie's theorem applies to semiprime right Noetherian rings, since by definition right Noetherian rings have the ascending chain condition on "all" right ideals. This is sufficient to guarantee that a right-Noetherian ring is right Goldie. The converse does not hold: every right Ore domain is a right Goldie domain, and hence so is every commutative integral domain.
A consequence of Goldie's theorem, again due to Goldie, is that every semiprime principal right ideal ring is isomorphic to a finite direct sum of prime principal right ideal rings. Every prime principal right ideal ring is isomorphic to a matrix ring over a right Ore domain.
This is a sketch of the characterization mentioned in the introduction. It may be found in .

Roberto Regazzi (born 20 August 1956 in Bologna, Italy) is a notable contemporary violin maker and scholar who received his initiation in the craft from Otello Bignami. Regazzi lives and works in Bologna.
The debut was at an early age; when he was 14 years old started to be involved with passion in the construction of musical instruments, at that time mostly classical guitars, under the guidance of Alan Wilcox and in the mid 1970s.
Later, the possibility to become a home pupil of Otello Bignami was crucial for his decision to stop the studies at the Bologna University (Physics) to become a professional violin maker.
Established and well known worldwide for the high quality of his instruments, he has been president of a number of specialized organizations including the European Association of Violin and Bow Makers.
His violins are examples of the Italianate sound and in demand also in countries.
Just before the advent of the new millennium his production started to be inspired by Guarneri del Gesù, with the achievement of a rich and full sonority.
His work is also inspired by Ansaldo Poggi and Otello Bignami (Augusto Pollastri's Bolognese School).
In 2006 the Chamber of Commerce of Bologna conferred on him an honour in recognition of his work.
Performers and musicians who have bought and play his instruments, including Boris Belkin, Franco Mezzena, Anne-Sophie Mutter, Ruggiero Ricci, Salvatore Greco, Giovanni Adamo, Uto Ughi, , Anastasiya Petryshak, Riccardo Brengola, the , Peter Fisher and many others.
The Regazzi Library is a large collection of books and documents about musical instruments.
He has been on the jury of a number of contests for luthiers, including the 10th International Competition of the Violin Society of America at Carlisle, Pennsylvania (1992), the Freiburg Baden-Wurttemberg Internationaler Geigenbauwettbewerb Jacobus Stainer (1996), the 5th Baveno Violin Making Competition, the 2nd Concourse in of Pisogne and the prestigious 10th Henryk Wieniawski Violin-Making Competition, the oldest event of this kind in the world.
He also made several classical concert guitars starting in the 1970s, up to the end of the 1980s, mostly made out of top selected quality rosewoods.
Every instrument is labelled and branded with iron from the beginning of his artistic career.
He has written books, lectured around the world and organised cultural events relating to his art and profession.
Regazzi is the first luthier from Bologna having been chosen as an official "testimonial" for the Craft of Traditional Musical Instrument Making at the Bologna Shanghai 2010 Expo.

The Camillidae are a family of flies, or Diptera. The family has five genera (four living; one fossil).
For terms see Morphology of Diptera
Minute (2-3.5mm. in length) slender lustrous black flies with hyaline wings.The postvertical bristles on the head are cruciate. There are three small orbital bristles on head on each side of frons one of which is poorly developed.The vibrissae on head are well developed.The arista has long rays above and shorter rays below. There are two pairs of dorsocentral bristles on thorax and one mesopleural bristle on the side of the thorax.Costa interrupted near R1, Subcosta reduced and close to R1, posterior basal wing cell and discoidal wing cell fused; anal wing cell rudimentary.Femur of fore legs has a spine on its ventral side.
The lifestyle of the Camillidae is for the most part little known. There is an assumption that the larvae feed on decaying plant matter or animal faeces. Adults have frequently been found at the entrances of mammal burrows, or captured in mammal nests. Adults may be also found feeding on flowers. One species has been reared from larvae in the dung of rock hyraxes in Southern Africa (Barraclough, 1992).

Odontamblyopus is a genus of gobies native to mud bottomed coastal and estuarine habitats from Pakistan eastward to Japan.
There are currently five recognized species in this genus:

Hervé Biausser (born 17 February 1951) is the director of two French engineering schools, École Centrale Paris and Supélec, positions he has held since 2003 and 2013, respectively. Since the fusion of these two schools into CentraleSupélec on 1 January 2015, he is now the director of the recently-created organisation.
Biausser studied engineering at École Centrale Paris. He began his PhD studies at École Centrale Paris and, before defending, joined IRSID, the research institute of the French steel industry group Usinor in 1977. There, he researched steel processing and steel products, held several managerial positions, and was responsible for the Mechanical Metallurgy Department. He then became a professor at his alma mater. He was promoted to the head of the Materials Development laboratory, a position he held from 1998 to 2001. In July 2001, he became Director of the Research Centre of the institution, head of the Graduate School, and director of the sister company Centrale Recherche SA. In 2003, he became the director of École Centrale Paris, replacing Daniel Gourisse, who had been director for twenty years.
During his tenure as director, École Centrale Paris organized a renovation of the Centralien curriculum. Biausser has been a strong advocate for the partnership with another engineering school, Supélec, and for the move from the Châtenay-Malabry campus to the Paris-Saclay one, which is underway. At the same time, the Centrale Graduate School expanded by opening a new school in Beijing, École Centrale de Pékin. Another École Centrale is expected to open soon in Casablanca, and it was announced that another school should open in India in the near future.
In 2013, Biausser was selected as the new General Director of Supélec. He continues as director of École Centrale Paris.
Biausser is a member of the board of the Conference des Grandes Écoles, where, after being secretary, he became vice-president in June 2009. He was president of CESAER, a European association of engineering schools, in 2009 and 2010. He has also been president of the TIME network, which promotes the exchange of engineering students.
His father was Breton and his mother from Réunion. He likes yoga, opera, and classical Greek authors, and is a former handball player.

The is a subterranean Japanese art museum located on the island of Nakanoshima, located between the Dōjima River and the Tosabori River, about 5 minutes west of Higobashi Station in central Osaka.
The official Japanese title of the museum translates as the "National Museum of International Art". The museum is also known by the English acronym NMAO (National Museum of Art, Osaka).
Designed by architect Arata Isozaki. The museum originates from the Expo Art Gallery which was built as part of Expo '70, held in Suita in the outskirts of Osaka. The site was converted into Expo Commemoration Park after the Expo, but the gallery was preserved for possible future use as a permanent art museum. It re-opened in 1977 as the National Museum of Art, as part of the Expo Commemoration Park. Due to the aging of the building as well as growing space limitations, the museum was temporarily closed in January 2004. The old museum was demolished and turned into a car park, while the exhibits were transferred to its more central, current location in Nakanoshima, which opened in November 2004.
Most of the artwork in the collection is from the post-war era. Pre-war exceptions include work by Paul Cézanne, Pablo Picasso, Max Ernst, Tsuguharu Foujita and Yasuo Kuniyoshi.
The museum structure is itself an example of the modern architect's art. The present museum was designed by international architect César Pelli. Most of the museum facilities are located underground, next to the Osaka Science Museum. Pelli suggested that the externally visible design structure represents waving reeds in the wind.
The entrance, auditorium, restaurant and the museum shop are located just beneath ground level, with exhibits and storage facilities on the next two floors beneath. Permanent exhibition space and artist-focused temporary exhibits are located in the intermediate level, and various changing exhibitions are mounted in the lowest level.
The Union Catalog of the Collections of the National Art Museums, Japan, is a consolidated catalog of material held by the four Japanese national art museums—the National Museum of Modern Art in Kyoto (MOMAK), the National Museum of Modern Art in Tokyo (MOMAT), the National Museum of Art in Osaka (NMAO), and the National Museum of Western Art in Tokyo (NMWA):
The online version of this union catalog is currently under construction, with only selected works available at this time.

Khao Phing Kan (, ) or Ko Khao Phing Kan (, ) is an island in Thailand, in Phang Nga Bay northeast of Phuket. The islands are limestone tower karsts and are a part of Ao Phang Nga National Park. 
About from the shores of Khao Phing Kan lies a tall islet called Ko Ta Pu (, ) or Ko Tapu (, ). Since 1974, when they were featured in the James Bond movie "The Man with the Golden Gun", Khao Phing Kan and Ko Ta Pu have been popularly called James Bond Island.
Khao Phing Kan means "hills leaning against each other" in Thai, reflecting the connected nature of the islands. Ko Ta Pu can be literally translated as "crab's eye" island, and Ko Tapu can be translated as "nail" or "spike" island, reflecting its shape. With "ko" () meaning "island" and "khao" () meaning "hill", the terms ko, khao, and Ko Khao are frequently interchanged in the naming of the islands. After appearing in the 1974 James Bond movie "The Man with the Golden Gun", Khao Phing Kan and sometimes Ko Ta Pu became widely referred to as James Bond Island, especially in tourist guides, and their original names are rarely used by locals.
Before 1974, the island was a rarely visited indigenous area. However, it was chosen as one of the locations for the 1974 James Bond film "The Man with the Golden Gun" as the hideout for Bond's antagonist, Francisco Scaramanga. After the movie release it turned into a popular tourist destination. Popularity and increased tourism left Khao Phing Kan substantial litter.
In 1981, the island became the most famous part of the newly established Ao Phang Nga Marine National Park. Since 1998, it is forbidden for tourist boats to approach Ko Ta Pu. This measure aims to stop erosion of the limestone rocks on and near the islet that might eventually result in the islands collapse.
Khao Phing Kan consists of two forest-covered islands with steep shores. They lie in the northwestern part of Phang Nga Bay, from the mainland, amid a group of a dozen of other islands. Its western part is about in diameter whereas the eastern part is about long and wide and is elongated northwards. The island has a few caves and two sandy beaches, in the southwest and between the twin islands. The former hosts the government office where every visitor has to pay a tax. The latter is used as the port for the tourist boats arriving from the mainland and has several souvenir shops selling items like coral and shells and plastic-encased butterflies, scorpions, and spiders. Beaches and caves are regularly flooded with the tides, which have an amplitude of , so access to some caves is only possible during low tide. The Thai name for Khao Phing Kan reflects the particular shape of the island which appears as if a flat limestone cliff tumbled sideways and leaned on a similar rock in the centre of the island.
Waters around the island are only few metres deep and are pale-green in colour. The bottom is covered with silt which is brought to the Phang Nga Bay by several rivers from the north.
Ko Ta Pu is a limestone rock about tall with the diameter increasing from about near the water level to about at the top. It lies about to the west from the northern part of Khao Phing Kan.
A local legend explains the formation of Ko Ta Pu as follows. Once upon a time, there lived a fisherman who used to bring home many fish every time he went to the sea. However, one day he could not catch any fish despite many attempts and only picked up a nail with his net. He kept throwing the nail back into the sea and catching it again. Furious, he took his sword and cut the nail in half with all his strength. Upon impact, one half of the nail jumped up and speared into the sea, forming Ko Ta Pu.
A scientific version of the Ko Ta Pu formation says that in the Permian period, the area was a barrier reef. Then, upon tectonic movements, it ruptured, and its parts were dispersed over the area and flooded by the rising ocean. Wind, waves, water currents, and tides gradually eroded the islands thus formed, sometimes producing peculiar shapes, such as Ko Ta Pu. Tide-related erosion is visible at the bottom 
of the rock.
In the "James Bond" film "The Man with the Golden Gun", Francisco Scaramanga describes Ko Ta Pu as a "mushroom-shaped rock", which houses two large solar panels which come up on top of Ko Ta Pu and lock on to the Sun.
Ko Ta Pu is also featured in another "James Bond" film ("Tomorrow Never Dies", identified as in Vietnam) and in the Italian film "Quo Vado?" (identified as in the Philippines).
The area has a tropical marine climate, which is characterized by frequent rains and stable temperature. According to the data collected between 1961 and 1990, average number of rainy days is 189 per year bringing of precipitation, mostly between May and October. The temperature varies between and and the average relative humidity is 83%.
Most of the island is covered with deciduous limestone shrubland and evergreen trees. Some plants, such as "Pandanus", cycads, euphorbs and prickly pear cactus grow on nearly soil-free cliffs, such as those of Ko Ta Pu, penetrating their roots into the numerous cracks and surviving on rainwater.
Shallow water depth, warm, stable temperature, and rich nutrient supply from mangrove forests and several rivers running into Phang Nga Bay result in abundant plankton and other marine life. The bay island hosts 26 species of reptiles, 24 species of fish, 14 species of shrimp, 15 species of crab, and 16 species of manta rays, sharks, and game fish. Most fishes are typical of coral reefs, such as butterflyfish. Other common inhabitants are blue crab, swimming crab, mudskipper, humpback shrimp, mud lobster, pomfret, sole, anchovy, scad, rock cod, rainbow cuttlefish, soft cuttlefish, musk crab, mackerel, moray eel, puffer fish, rabbitfish, groupers, black sea cucumber, brain coral, staghorn coral and flowerlike soft coral. Amphibians include "Fejervarya raja", cricket frog ("Fejervarya limnocharis") and the common tree frog. Aquatic plants are represented by red algae, "Halimeda", seagrass, and plant plankton. There are more than 100 species of birds in the area such as the striated heron, Pacific reef heron, little egret and others.

The 2005 Lakeside World Professional Darts Championship was held from 1–9 January 2005 at the Lakeside Country Club in Frimley Green, Surrey. Raymond van Barneveld lifted the title for a fourth time, defeating England captain Martin Adams 6–2 in the final. The defending champion Andy Fordham suffered a first round loss to Vincent van der Voort. The women's event saw Trina Gulliver win her fifth successive title defeating Francis Hoenselaar 2–0 in a repeat the last year's final.
Men
The prize money was £199,000 for the men's event and £10,000 for the women's event.
There was also a shared 9 Dart Checkout prize of £52,000, along with a High Checkout prize of £2,000 per event.
Women
The prize money was £10,000 for the women's event.
Women's bracket:

Abecedarium (Abecedary)—along with "Catechismus" (Catechism)—is the first printed book in Slovene. It is an eight-leaf booklet for helping people learn the alphabet. The protestant reformer Primož Trubar had it printed in 1550 in the schwabacher (Gothic script), and reprinted with some corrections in the Latin script in 1555 and 1566. An improved version of it was also printed by Sebastjan Krelj in 1566. Both "Abecedarium" and "Catechismus" are significant in the development of Slovene.
Although it was for decades assumed that "Catechismus" was printed in Tübingen, new research has shown that it was most probably printed in 1550 by Peter Frentz in Schwäbisch Hall.
"Abecedarium" was published in October 2008 for the first time in modern Slovene. This scholarly edition includes both the Trubar-era Slovene and a translation into modern Slovene with scholarly notes. Similarly, "Catechismus" was published in October 2009, the other "first" Slovene book. The "Pridiga o veri" (Sermon on Faith) from "Catechismus" is available in Slovene, English, German, and Esperanto.

The Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec (French for "National Museum of Fine Arts of Quebec") is a museum in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada gathering approximately 25,000 works essentially produced in Quebec, or by Quebec artists, some of which date from the 18th century. It has also housed a library since 1987. It is located on the Plains of Abraham, in The Battlefields Park.
Founded in 1933, the museum was first known as the "Musée de la province de Québec", then as the "Musée du Québec" from 1961 before being rechristened its present name in 2002 by the Bernard Landry government. It consists of three pavilions, each in a distinct building. One of these is the old prison of Quebec City, dating from the 19th century, and the interior is a contemporary witness of incarcerated life in the era. Since 1995, the museum receives financial support from a foundation called La Fondation du Musée.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

The movie poster for the 2004 Thai film, "Ai-Fak".

Bang Khla (, ) is a district ("Amphoe") of Chachoengsao Province, central Thailand.
Bang Khla district was established in 1901. The district office was located in "Wat" Mai Bang Khla, nowadays in Tambon Ban Suan. Bang Khla is the name of the village Ban Bang Khla, which is located at the "Khlong" (canal) Bang Khla. As the district office was not in the center of the district area, the government moved it to Tambon Tao Sura, 5 km from the old location. Later they changed the name of the "tambon" to Bang Khla to fit with the district name.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Ratchasan, Plaeng Yao, Ban Pho, Mueang Chachoengsao, Khlong Khuean of Chachoengsao Province and Ban Sang of Prachinburi Province.
The important water resource is the Bang Pakong River.
The district Bang Khla is subdivided into 9 subdistrict ("Tambon"), which are further subdivided into 56 administrative villages ("Muban").
There are 2 subdistrict municipalities ("Thesaban Tambon") in the district:
There are 7 subdistrict administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:

Bernie M. Farber (born 1951) is a writer, commentator, and the former chief executive officer of the Canadian Jewish Congress and a social activist. He has testified before the Canadian courts as an expert witness on hate crime. He was appointed CEO of the Mosaic Institute, a Canadian NGO that promotes pluralism, peace and conflict resolution internationally, in August 2015 and has announced his retirement, effective October 1, 2017, though he will remain on the NGO's advisory board. Farber was previously CEO of the Paloma Foundation, an NGO which works with homeless youth shelters until his appointment with the Mosaic Institute. He also writes on human and civil rights issues for the "Huffington Post" and "NOW Magazine", as well as various newspapers across Canada, and is frequently interviewed on these topics by the media.
Farber was born in Ottawa, Ontario. His father was a Polish Jew who lost his first wife, two children and other family members in the Holocaust. Farber cites his father's experience as a major motivation in his life, saying, "the pain my father endured during the war is what drove me to fight for social justice today.”
Farber received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Carleton University in Ottawa where he was involved in many social causes. He was a student leader with Ottawa's Jewish community and was also involved in the campaign to pressure the Soviet Union to allow Soviet Jews to emigrate. As the director of Ottawa's Jewish Community Centre, Farber also directed its day camp in the mid 1970s.
He graduated in 1975 and found a job with the Children’s Aid Society (CAS) and the Youth Services Bureau of Ottawa-Carleton.
While working for the Children's Aid Society in the early 1980s, Farber served as president of Ontario Public Service Employees Union Local 454, representing over 300 social and child-care workers.
Farber was employed by the Canadian Jewish Congress (CJC) from 1984 until 2011. He was appointed chief executive officer in 2005 and had previously been executive director of the CJC's Ontario section and CJC's National Community Relations Director. The Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs absorbed the CJC on July 1, 2011.
Farber was appointed by the Ontario government to serve as a member of the Hate Crimes Community Working Group. He also serves on the city of Vaughan, Ontario's Mayor’s Task Force on Community Safety & Security. Farber is also an associate member of the Ontario Association of Chiefs of Police.
Farber has contributed articles on the Jewish political scene, human rights issues, the Holocaust, hate crime and white supremacy to newspapers including "The Globe and Mail", the "National Post", the "Toronto Star", and others. He has expressed his own or the CJC's views in newspapers such as "The Washington Post" and "The New York Times". In 1997, Farber was the editor of and wrote portions of "From Marches to Modems: A Report on Organized Hate in Metropolitan Toronto", commissioned by the Access and Equity Centre of the municipality of metro Toronto.
Farber appears in the 1994 educational video "Who is Peter Iswolsky?", conducting an anti-racism workshop for high school students. The film was co-sponsored by the CJC and the National Congress of Italian Canadians.
Regarding the proposed beatification of Pope Pius XII, Farber has said it is improper to move the process forward until the Holy See's archives from the Second World War are fully released.
In December 1994, Canada's Security Intelligence Review Committee reported that the white supremacist group Heritage Front had developed a "hit list" targeting 22 Canadians for murder, most of them Metropolitan Toronto Jews. One member had allegedly planned an attack on the CJC offices to "take some people out", with Farber believed to be the primary target.
Over the preceding years, Heritage Front had been infiltrated by, and become largely directed by, Grant Bristow, an undercover agent of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS). In August 1994, a report by the "Toronto Sun" exposed CSIS domestic spying including Bristow's undercover role in Heritage Front, effectively putting an end to any plot.
Farber, who is not gay, was mocked by columnist Antonia Zerbisias in 2009 for wearing a "Nobody knows I'm gay" T-shirt (sold as a fundraiser by a Jewish LGBTQ group) while marching in Toronto's Pride parade as a protest against the inclusion of Queers Against Israeli Apartheid in the march. The Canadian Jewish Congress filed a complaint with the "Toronto Star" against Zerbisias "outing" Farber. The newspaper's public editor ruled that Zerbisias’ comments “fell short of the Star’s standards of fairness, accuracy and civility,” but subsequently modified her assessment and criticized Farber and the CJC since, in their complaint, they did not "think to tell me that [Farber], along with dozens of others who marched with the Kulanu group, had worn a T-shirt that made its own ironic quip. That's context I sure wish I had known" and conceded that Zerbisias' comment "was intended as sarcastic irony, stock in trade for this columnist and blogger."
Farber was on leave from the CJC's successor, the Canadian Council for Israel and Jewish Advocacy during his candidacy as the Ontario Liberal Party's nominee in the 2011 Ontario election in the riding of Thornhill. Farber received 40% support but lost to Progressive Conservative Peter Shurman by 2,500 votes.
From 2012 to 2015, Farber was the Senior Vice President for Gemini Power Corporation, working in partnership with First Nations to help develop sustainable business economies.
In 1992, Farber was awarded the 125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal. The commemorative medal was awarded to 40,000 Canadians for their contributions to community and country.
Farber also received the Charles "Chuck" Zaionz Award for Jewish Communal Service in December 2012 as well as the Queens Diamond Jubilee Medal.


The Nepalese Army () or Gorkha Army () is the armed military Land warfare force of Nepal available internationally and a major component of the Military of Nepal.
Pro- and anti-British factions in certain areas of Nepal had been vying for power since 1816. In 1846 the pro-British army leader Sir Jung Bahadur (1816–77) of the Rana family finally overthrew the Nepalese government and declared himself the prime minister. Like many dictatorships, Jung Bahadur's office was passed on through hereditary rather than valid elections. Jung Bahadur launched a successful military campaign in 1855 in Tibet (Nepalese-Tibetan War). But the Nepalese-Tibetan War exhausted Nepal's finances and in 1856 Tibet signed a peace treaty which granted diplomatic and commercial rights to Nepal on the condition that Tibet continue to pay a yearly "tribute" to the Nepalese government.
Nepal aided Great Britain during the Indian Mutiny and during World War I. The British government in gratitude for Nepal's assistance declared the independence and sovereignty of Nepal to be genuine by the terms of a treaty concluded in 1923.
On September 4, 1939 Nepal declared war on Germany in solidarity with the Allied Forces. Due to the undemocratic nature of Nepal's government, their national validity and respect was maintained by continuing healthy relations with Great Britain by rendering much needed military assistance as they had in World War I and the Indian Mutiny. Twelve regiments of Gurkha soldiers from Nepal were sent to fight in the British Indian Army. Although Britain has been recruiting Gurkha soldiers from Nepal since the 19th century, no effort was made to develop a centralized recruit-training system in the Brigade of Gurkhas throughout the pre Second World War era. As a result, British Army recruiting training was conducted at the various Gurkha regimental training centres in India. After the end of the war, Nepal also established good diplomatic relations with the United States in 1948.
In February 1996, one of the Maoist parties started a bid to replace the parliamentary monarchy with a so-called people's new democratic republic, through a Maoist revolutionary strategy known as the people's war, which has led to the Nepal Civil War. Led by Dr. Baburam Bhattarai and Pushpa Kamal Dahal (also known as "Prachanda"), the insurgency began in five districts in Nepal: Rolpa, Rukum, Jajarkot, Gorkha, and Sindhuli. The Maoists have declared the existence of a provisional "people's government" at the district level in several locations
The various parties of Nepal together conducted an anti-monarchy campaign by demonstrating and chanting slogans, and finally the king was compelled to declare a democracy. After the democracy the parties leaders had thrown out the monarchy and declared the democratic republic of Nepal. The civil war of Nepal caused by the Maoists had been concluded after the Maoists came into the political mainstream. All the Maoists combatants/militias were concentrated in cantonments and verified. Since last 6 years the leaders are engaged in a constitution building process. There had been 2 elections for constitution assembly and first elected constitution assembly members were not able to draft the constitution on time. Now there is a government led by prime-minister Sushil Koirala (Nepali Congress Party) which has the main task of drafting the constitution.

The 2005 Ladbrokes.com World Darts Championship, sponsored by Ladbrokes, was held at the Circus Tavern, Purfleet and started on Boxing Day, 2004. Phil Taylor went on to clinch his 12th World Championship (10 in the PDC, 2 in the BDO) with a 7-4 final victory over Mark Dudbridge.
The tournament format remained the same as the previous year, with a preliminary round featuring eight international players against eight qualifiers from the Professional Dart Players Association (PDPA) qualifying tournament. The winners were then to meet the players ranked between 25 and 32 in the PDC world rankings.
John Lowe, playing in his last and 28th consecutive world championship, suffered a defeat to Canadian John Verwey. The match went to a tie-break 11th leg in the deciding set.
The final between Taylor and Dudbridge looked for a long time as though it would be as close as the previous year's classic between Taylor and Kevin Painter. Dudbridge led by 2 sets to 1, and having fallen 2-3 behind managed to level again. But Taylor then produced a surge to take the next three sets, and the 10th set provided a mere consolation for Dudbridge. Taylor prevailed 7-4 to claim the £60,000 first prize with his 12th title.
<br>
Highest three-dart checkout: 170 Kevin Painter.
Tournament 180s scored: 340 in 979 legs
Most 180s scored, individual: 39 Wayne Mardle, 35 Mark Dudbridge, 22 Colin Lloyd, 21 Phil Taylor 

Ai-Fak () is a 2004 Thai drama film. It is based on the S.E.A. Write Award-winning novel by Chart Korbjitti, "Khamphiphaksa" (The Judgment, also the English-language title for the film).
A young man, Fak, is a revered novice Buddhist monk, and the entire village has turned out to the local temple to hear him preach a sermon. Fak's talk is interrupted a coughing fit by his widower father, though, and Fak struggles to maintain his focus. Fak then decides he must put aside his aspirations for monkhood to take care of his father. Then he is conscripted by lottery into the army. He hopes that when he completes his national service, he will return to the village, be ordained as a monk and devote his life to religion.
On his return home from the army, the bus to his village breaks down. During the stop, Fak steps over to the side of the road, near a lotus pond, to urinate. There, among the lotus, he sees a beautiful woman bathing, fully clothed (as is customary in Thailand). Fak zips up and eventually arrives at home, where he finds his father in a very happy state. His father's reason for being so happy is that he has remarried. Fak's stepmother then appears from behind a mosquito net: it's the woman from the lotus pond. Her name is Somsong, and though she is sweet and devoted, there is something clearly wrong with her, perhaps some type of mental illness.
Though there are happy times, with Fak joining his father at work as a janitor for the local school, his reunion with his father is short-lived after his father becomes ill and dies. Because Fak made a promise to his father that he would look after his stepmother, Fak's goal of returning to the monkhood must again be put aside.
Though Fak is well liked in the village, the villagers do not like Somsong and have labeled her "crazy". And after Fak's father's death, the villagers start to treat Fak differently: they believe he is having an affair with his stepmother. Fak at first ignores the gossip, but it becomes harder and harder to deny because of Somsong's behavior. On one occasion, during a likay performance at a village fair, Fak is accosted by Somsong after she sees Fak talking with a young woman. Somsong is suffering from delusions that she and Fak are married, and she is jealous. Somsong also has the unfortunate habit of shedding her clothes and running naked in public, or simply lifting her dress and exposing herself. During one of these episodes, some villagers happen upon Fak just as he's chased the nude Somsong down and is attempting to cover her up. But what the villagers think they are witnessing is Fak having sex with his stepmother. Fak has been judged.
Fak has taken his father's old job as school janitor. One day a dog that's thought to be rabid wanders onto the school grounds. Fak is given the job of killing it. He grabs a hoe and uses it to strike the animal, hitting it with a glancing blow that only injures it and makes it angrier. Fak eventually finishes the snarling dog off, but it is a bloody task. For a brief moment, Fak is seen as a hero by the students and faculty, and he feels a bit better about himself.
Fak must prepare for his father's cremation. He invites the school's headmaster, the village headman and others. He orders 50 sandalwood blossoms for attendees to place on the burning casket. But no one shows up for the ceremony, except for the monks he engaged to chant over his father, and the local undertaker.
Fak makes friends with the undertaker, a lowly person who is not well liked by the superstitious villagers because they believe he is unclean. Even Fak didn't particularly like the man, but after Fak tells him that he has never had sexual relations with Somsong, the man believes him.
After the cremation rite, the undertaker offers Fak some rice whiskey. Fak at first doesn't like the taste or the way it makes him feel. But he has a few more drinks and starts enjoy himself. Looking for relief from the pressure of taking care of his mentally ill stepmother and the harsh judgment of the villagers, Fak turns to the bottle and becomes an alcoholic. His downward spiral continues until he has angered the villagers, and they turn on him and beat him, leaving him to be assisted home by Somsong.

1923 image of Our Gang cast members. Originally obtained from this website.

Actias is a genus of Saturniid moths, which contains the Asian-American moon moths. Long tails on their hindwings are among their distinctive traits. Other moths with similar appearance are "Copiopteryx", "Argema" and "Eudaemonia".
The majority of species in this genus feed on the leaves of sweetgum, pine, or similar trees. As with all Saturniids, adult "Actias" moths lack functional mouthparts so their lifespan after emergence from the cocoon only ranges from a few days to a week.
The genus includes the following species:

The 2004 Ladbrokes.com World Championship was the 10th anniversary of the PDC version of the World Darts Championship. An extra preliminary round was introduced bringing the total players at the televised stages to 48. Ladbrokes, who sponsored the event initially for one year in 2003, decided to extend their deal and the prize fund was increased to £256,000. Dutch television station, RTL 5 and Sky Sports both extended their deals with the PDC by three years. PDC chairman Barry Hearn announced that the tournament would be shown in Malaysia on pay-per-view.
Defending champion and number two seed, John Part suffered a surprise third round defeat to Mark Dudbridge. His first match of the 2004 campaign. It was the first time since 1995, when a round-robin format was in operation, that the defending champion had gone out in their first round at the PDC world championship.
The final became only the second ever (and first PDC) world final to go to a sudden death leg. The first time it happened was when Phil Taylor beat Mike Gregory in the 1992 final, Taylor was again involved and came out victorious against Kevin Painter. However, he had to fight from 4–1 down to win his 11th world title.
The two losing semi-finalists came from different ends of darts experience. Fifty-six-year-old Bob Anderson, a World Champion 16 years earlier lost to Painter and Wayne Mardle was making his first PDC World Championship semi-final appearance. Mardle lost to Taylor for the second year running, following a third round defeat as an unseeded player in 2003.
To accommodate the change in the number of entries into the competition to 48, the format of the World Championship was again changed. 16 qualifiers would contest the first round, with the eight winners going through to the second round to meet players ranked between 25 and 32 inclusive in the PDC. These eight winners would go through to join the top 24 in the third round, where the tournament proceeded from the last 32 to the Final.
All eight first round matches would take place on the first day of the tournament as it opened up in Purfleet. In the openIng match, Richie Buckle showed excellent form in eliminated Jan van der Rassel 3-1 with an 87.15 average. Van der Rassel, a tough competitor lost two sets by 3-2 so it could have been a totally different story; Next man through was Erik Clarys, a Belgian known for success at Lakeside, he dispatched Dan Lauby 3-0, Lauby only averaging 63 and able to win two legs in the contest. - In the afternoon there were also wins for Wayne Atwood 3-0 and Colin McGarry 3-0 over Toru Sano and Rory Orvis respectively.
Arguably the best match of the first round came in the opening game in the evening, Robbie Widdows, known for his performances in the BDO played Henry O'Neill in a five set thriller, O'Neill, taking the fourth 3-2 and holding Widdows to 4-4 in the decider. Experience told and Robbie took the final two legs to sneak through 6-4 in the final set. England's Simon Whatley the next man for Widdows.
To follow that up we saw a superb recovery from Scotland's Alex Mackay against Barry Jouannet of Australia. Jouannet dominating proceedings took the first two sets 3-2 3-1 to go two-nil up. McKay replied with two 3-1 sets of his own to level the match up at 2-2 and to go favourite. Jouannet recovered from the setback however to go 2-2 in the decider and into the tie-break. However Mackay's 85.38 average would be enough to get him through 3-2. To finish the day, Steve Smith and Steve Maish would go through beating Norman Madhoo (Guyana's first ever dart qualifier) 3-1 and Tony Payne, known for his Embassy attempts 3-0 respectively.
Players ranked 25-32 in the World rankings came into play as the tournament began its second round. Matches were still over best of 5 sets. The afternoon session brought a succession of 3-0 scorelines for the qualifiers from yesterday. Richie Buckle defeated Steve Brown and lost just four legs against the man who had been in the Semi-Finals here a decade earlier. Colin McGarry knocked out Mark Holden who would throw his darts away and retire after this 3-0 loss, however Holden was suffering from Dartitis. Wayne Atwood was at his best in eliminating Mick Manning 3-0. Manning lost the first two sets 3-0 before putting up resistance in the third set before losing it 3-2. Atwood averaged 87.93 and moves into a match against two time finalist and number 3 seed Peter Manley in the third round. The final match saw Mark Walsh knocked out 3-0 by Erik Clarys.
The evening session followed the form book more, however there was the prospect of lightning striking twice in the same place. Alex McKay again recovered from behind to level the match at 2-2 with Lionel Sams. The match of the round it proved to be as the pair served up a memorable contest, Each of the opening 4 sets went 3-2 making the tie-break inevitable. Sams edged the fifth set by five legs to three to go through with an 85.83 average. Following this he proposed to his girlfriend Caroline live on Sky.
Mark Dudbridge would go through 3-0 against Steven Smith however this didn't tell the full story as Smith took five legs and Mark took two deciding legs to go 2-0 up and the third by 3-1 to book his date against John Part the defending champion in the third round. Simon Whatley would start off a great week for him in a 3-1 win over Robbie Widdows who didn't score as heavily as he had in the first round. In the final match 'Big' Cliff Lazarenko went out 3-1 to Steve Maish.
7 third round matches as the top players entered the fray. Matches had now been extended to the best of 7 sets, so the players require 4 sets to go through.
The 1st match saw to players with an excellent pedigree in the World Championship, and not for the first time, a tremendous fightback. Dave Askew, Semi-Finalist in 2001 and 2002, took a 3-1 lead against Keith Deller. However the 1983 world champion Deller fought back, taking six of the next seven legs to level the match at 3-3 and set up a deciding set. - Deller took it in the tie-break winning the set 5-3 to go through. However both players played short of the best and Deller could qualify with a 76 average. The second match saw the number 3 seed, Peter Manley pushed the entire way by Wayne Atwood. Atwood led 1-0, 2-1, and 3-2 in sets and was at one stage, just one leg away from victory before Manley sneaked the sixth set 3-2. Experience began to tell and Manley qualified with a 3-1 set victory in the decider. A 170 finish from Manley helping the 3rd seed's cause. The final match of the afternoon saw the number 6 seed, Dennis Smith go through 4-2 over Les Fitton however Fitton pushed the final set to the deciding leg, having the chance to go to the seventh set but Smith would go through.
Four matches took place in the evening, in the first Erik Clarys' run came to an end. The 2 time former world championship finalist Ronnie Baxter taking the match 4-2, however Clarys had levelled up at 2-2 from 2-0 behind. A 170 finish from Baxter began to put the pressure back on the Belgian as the match concluded. Then Bob Anderson, 16 years after his first world title began his push for a second title. In tremendous form, he took the first three sets, losing just three legs in the process to go 3-0 up on the 11th seed Andy Jenkins. Jenkins, took the fourth set 3-1 and got to 2-2 in the fifth before Anderson prevailed to book his place in the fourth round with an 84.69 average.
The big shock of the day and the entire event so far came in the third match of the evening. John Part's reign as Champion would come to an end as he lost 4-3 to Mark Dudbridge. Dudbridge, took the first two sets, 3-2 and 3-1 to open up a 2-0 lead. Part responded by showing glimpses of the form that beat Taylor a year ago to level the match up at 2-2. However Dudbridged nicked the fifth set by 3-2 to go 3-2 up and 1 leg away from the match. Part again responded, taking the sixth set 3-1 to level the match at 3 sets apiece.
The seventh set went into the tie-break when the pair became locked at 2-2 in legs. 2-2 became 3-3 as the 2nd seed tried desperately to hold onto his crown. However, Dudbridge would take the next two legs to decide the match as he went through to the fourth round. The drama of this match probably meant that another thriller was overlooked in Kevin Painter's 4-3 win over Paul Williams. Painter had gone 3-1 up playing great darts, however Williams had levelled up at 3-3. Painter would take the decider 3-1 to go through to the fourth round with an 88.62 average.
Seven more matches as the third round continued at the Circus Tavern. In the opening game of the afternoon session, Steve Beaton, the 1996 BDO World Champion knocked out Jamie Harvey 4-0. However 4-0 was a rough scoreline on Harvey, as Beaton took each set bar the opening set in deciding legs to break Bravedart's heart and go through. The next surprise in the World Championship came in the shape of the 1995 BDO World Champion Richie Burnett going out, 4-3 to Simon Whatley. Whatley holding his nerve in a tense sudden death leg, taking the final set 6-5 to knock out the 13th seed. Whatley now would face Roland Scholten or Lionel Sams in the fourth round. The final match of the afternoon would see the first of the home players in action. Colin Lloyd seeded 5 averaged 98.61 to go through 4-1 against Peter Evison. Lloyd had been particularly clinical, Evison taking the opening set 3-2, but Lloyd would take the remaining four with the loss of just one leg.
In the evening session, Steve Maish would go out to the other local hero; Dagenham's number 12 seed Wayne Mardle by four sets to two. Mardle who pushed Taylor to eight sets in their third round classic a year ago would take the final two sets after Maish had held his own. Mardle would now face Lloyd for a place in the quarter-finals. Then followed arguably the biggest surprise of the day; Roland Scholten would bow out 4-2 to Lionel Sams. Sams however would be relieved to hold on after squandering a 3 set lead and managing to take the 6 set by 3-1. Had Scholten managed to level at 3-3 then surely he would have been favourite to win the match.
The former world Champion, Phil Taylor would open up his quest to become the champion for the 11th time by quickly disposing of Colin McGarry. Taylor took the first two sets 3-0, and then the next two 3-1 to go through 4-0 dropping just two legs and averaging 98.89. - He would be now meeting old rival Dennis Priestley as the 16th seed went through with a tense 4-3 win over Richie Buckle.
With the increased number of days play, the tournament held two matches in the afternoon session on New Year's Eve. The first one saw a repeat of the 1993 world final, however John Lowe was unable to repeat the result. He had led 3-0 against Alan Warriner, but Warriner, quickly dropping down the rankings recovered to win the match 4-3, taking the final set with a 4-2 tie-
break margin.
The final match of the third round saw the number 8 seed eliminated. Denis Ovens recovered from 2-0 and 3-1 down to level the match at 3-3. However Alex Roy would go through to the fourth round with a straight legs victory in the decider, winning through to meet Warriner in the last 16.
Following the traditional evening off for New Year's Eve, the World Championships started 2004 at the fourth round stage. In the last 16 matches were still best of 7 sets and all eight last 16 matches would be played today. Following the surprising results in the third round, just nine of the 16 seeds were remaining following the last 32 matches.
In the opening match of the day, Simon Whatley continued his run with a 4-1 win over Lionel Sams. Sams had taken the first set 3-2 but Whatley replied in kind, and then took 9 of the next 12 legs to book his place in Friday's quarter-final matches. Also heading through was Peter Manley, the highest remaining seed from the bottom half of the draw knocked out 1983 champion Keith Deller 4-2 however he had been made to work for his victory. Another 7 set thriller would be served up as Warriner moved through against Alex Roy. Warriner took the first six legs to go 2 sets up, Roy followed by taking 6 of the next 8 legs to level the match at 2-2. The tit-for-tat game continued as Warriner and Roy both took their next sets comfortably, the seventh set going to Alan by 3 legs to 0.
The 7th seed Ronnie Baxter was heading home, he lost 4-2 to Kevin Painter who hoped to reach the Semi-Finals for the second successive year. Painter, took 9 of the first 14 legs as he went 3-0 up; Baxter pinched the next two sets by 3 legs to 2 to close the gap to 1 set. However, this took a good deal out of Baxter and Painter strolled the sixth set to go through with a 91.38 average. Bob Anderson would also be going through to the quarter-finals, he was unstoppable in the early stages against Dennis Smith, taking a 3-1 lead over the number 6 seed. However Smith responded, taking the next two sets with the loss of three legs to level the match at 3 sets all. Like Baxter, Smith seemed jaded and Anderson took the decider 3-0 to go through to a match with Peter Manley.
In the Home player's duel Wayne Mardle and Colin Lloyd produced the match of the round, taking a 3-1 lead, Lloyd seemed to be cruising towards the quarter-finals, his best run in a major since the 2002 world championship. However, from 3-1 down, Mardle found a second wind, winning 9 of the last 11 legs to take him through to the quarter-finals, his first World Championship quarter-final in the PDC. In the battle of the old (and current) Masters, the top seed Taylor was given a stern test by Dennis Priestley. In a match played in a friendly spirit, Taylor bossed the first two sets before Priestley took the third. Taylor would edge the last two sets by 3 legs to 2 to win 4-1, however a 12-8 leg count doesn't do justice to the scoreline. - In the final match Part's conqueror Mark Dudbridge would go through a 4-1 winner over Steve Beaton.
Friday was quarter-finals day and matches had been extended to the best of 9 sets, the first men to reach 5 sets would now qualify for the last four.
The amazing run of form for Bob Anderson continued, Averaging just under 91, Anderson took the first two sets and when Manley levelled the scores took the next three to win the match 5-2 and go through to the Semi-Finals. In the other afternoon match it was the end of the road for Mark Dudbridge, Kevin Painter clinically winning 5-1 to book his match against Anderson.
In the evening session Simon Whatley would also be found out, he could take just six legs as Wayne Mardle booked his first ever PDC semi-final with a 5-1 win. His opponent would be Phil Taylor after 'The Power' took the first three sets in the grudge match against Alan Warriner, and went on to win by five sets to one averaging 98.26.
A week ago 48 players lined up, now just four remained. Matches in the Semi-Finals had been extended to the best of 11 sets, however neither match went close.
In the first match, it was the end of the road for the 56 year old Bob Anderson. Kevin Painter took nine of the first 10 legs in opening up a three set lead against the man drained after impressive wins over Jenkins, Smith and Manley. Anderson recovered to 2-2 in both the 4th and 5th sets however he was unable to convert them into victories as Painter moved 5-0 up and within one of a place in the final Painter took the sixth set by 3-1 to go through to the final a 6-0 winner. Painter averaged 96.72 but Anderson could be proud of his run which had seen him eliminate three seeds and get within one match of a second world final an average of 87.69 for the tournament for the elder statesman of the game.
In the second semi-final Phil Taylor took control early on against Wayne Mardle who played well. After 4 sets Taylor was 4-0 up, however he had been fortunate as two sets had been won in deciders. Mardle got on the board in the fifth set by 3-2 and at 2-2 in the 6th was close to closing the gap to two sets. Taylor pinched the 6th however to go 5-1 up. Mardle replied by taking the 7th set but it delayed the inevitable, Taylor taking the match 6-2 with a 100.02 average.
The final saw Phil Taylor up against Kevin Painter over the best of 13 sets. If the 2003 final had been a classic, this one lived up to its reputation. Painter took the opening two sets in deciding legs to go 2-0 up. At 2-2 in the third Painter had a chance to go 3-0 up but Taylor closed the gap. However Painter took the next two sets 3-1 and 3-2 meaning that like John Part a year ago he led Taylor 4-1 after five sets, at 2-2 in the sixth set Painter had his chances to lead 5-1. However Taylor recovered the sixth set and at the half way point the scoreline was 4-2 to Painter.
The 6th set possibly changed things in the context of the match. Painter, who could arguably have been 6-0 up by this point against the 10-time former world champion, now began to struggle and Taylor took the seventh set three-nil to close the gap to just the one set. Painter held onto the lead by pinching the 8th set in a deciding leg to go 5-3 up. However Taylor put on a spurt that saw him take 9 of the next 12 legs and to go in front by 6 sets to 5.
Painter responded brilliantly taking the twelfth set 3-1 to level the match up at 6-6. The match entered the tie-break in the 13th set and became the first PDC World Final to go to a sudden death leg as Painter and Taylor got level at 5-5 after almost four hours since the match began. Painter, who had thrown first in the set and twice was faced with a three-dart out-shot to win the title while leading 2-1 and 3-2, pulled his dart at the bullseye and Taylor hit the outer-bull to throw first in the deciding leg. Taylor opened up the leg with just 45, however Painter couldn't capitalise and was left on 316 after nine darts. He again rallied setting up another three-dart finish as Taylor eyed Double top. Taylor missed at Double top, then he missed at Double Ten and with unbearable tension, hit the Double five to secure his 11th world title. He then announced his retirement, but changed his mind four days later.
Highest three-dart checkout: 170 Peter Manley (1st Round), Ronnie Baxter (1st Round)
Tournament 180s scored: 312 
Most 180s scored, individual: 32 Phil Taylor, 29 Kevin Painter, 27 Wayne Mardle, 19 Lionel Sams 

Captain Spier Spencer (c. 1770 – November 7, 1811) was an Indiana militia officer who commanded a company of mounted riflemen known as the Yellow Jackets at the Battle of Tippecanoe. Spencer County, Indiana was named in his honor.
A native of Virginia, Spencer moved to Kentucky with his parents. He married Elizabeth Polk, daughter of the noted Indian fighter Capt. Charles Polk, in Bardstown, Nelson County, Kentucky on January 18, 1793. Spencer and his wife moved to Vincennes, Indiana. In 1809 Spencer was appointed by Governor William Henry Harrison as the first sheriff of Harrison County, Indiana. He moved his family to Corydon and served in that office until his death.
Spencer and his wife ran "The Green Leaf Tavern," in their large log home on Oak Street. Governor William Henry Harrison and Lieutenant Governor Ratliff Boon stayed there when they came on official business, as did delegates to the 1816 Indiana Constitution Convention.
When tensions grew high between the settlers and the Native Americans, Spencer organized the Harrison County Militia known as the "Yellow Jackets" because of the color of their uniforms, for a campaign against them. The Battle of Tippecanoe on November 7, 1811 ended with Captain Spencer being seriously wounded during the battle. He was shot in the head and both thighs. When he was being carried off the field he was killed instantly by another shot. Spencer's horse and sword were brought back from the battle and were returned to his widow.
The following account of the battle of Tippecanoe is taken from the official dispatch sent by General Harrison to the secretary of war, on the 18th of November, eleven days after the battle: 
"...Spencer was wounded in the head. He exhorted his men to fight valiantly. He was shot through both thighs and fell; still continuing to encourage them, he was raised up, and received a ball through his body, which put an immediate end to his existence..."
Captain Spencer's bravery and the heroics of his men were lauded by General Harrison. He is the namesake of counties in Indiana and Kentucky as well as the town of Spencer, Indiana, the seat of Owen County.
Spencer's widow continued operating The Green Leaf Tavern. When she married William Boone, she changed the name to the "Billy Boone Tavern". However, the marriage was short lived and she divorced Boone in 1829.

Dustin James Boyd (born July 16, 1986) is a Kazakhstani-Canadian professional ice hockey player currently under contract with Dynamo Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
After playing two seasons with the Moose Jaw Warriors of the Western Hockey League, Boyd was selected 98th overall in the third round of the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the Calgary Flames. He made his NHL debut for the Flames on November 1, 2006, in a 3–2 away loss to the Detroit Red Wings. He played two games for the Flames before being returned to Omaha.
He scored his first NHL goal on January 6, 2007, on Marty Turco of the Dallas Stars. It was the game-winning goal. On Remembrance Day, November 11, 2008, Boyd received his first First Star of the Game in scoring two goals against the Toronto Maple Leafs in a 4–3 win.
In the 2009–10 season, his fourth with the Flames, he was traded to the Nashville Predators for a fourth round draft pick at the trade deadline on March 3, 2010.
On June 29, 2010, he was traded by the Predators, along with teammate Dan Ellis, to the Montreal Canadiens in exchange for Sergei Kostitsyn. Two days later he then signed as a free agent to a one-year contract with the Canadiens on July 1, 2010. On November 8, 2010, he was placed on waivers by the Canadiens. He cleared waivers and was sent down to their AHL affiliate, the Hamilton Bulldogs. He remained under contract with Montreal and had since been called up and sent down once more.
On May 31, 2011, Boyd left the NHL and signed a one-year contract with Kazakh based KHL team, Barys Astana. Over the course of the next six seasons with Barys, Boyd became a cult player for the club alongside fellow imports Brandon Bochenski and Nigel Dawes.
Upon the retirement of Bochenski following the 2016–17 season, Boyd opted to leave Barys as a free agent but continue in the KHL in securing a two-year deal with Dynamo Moscow on July 19, 2017.
Boyd was also a member of the Canadian gold-medal-winning team in the 2006 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships.
On March 24, 2016, the IIHF announced it had approved a request to allow Boyd, Brandon Bochenski and Nigel Dawes to play for Kazakhstan at the 2016 IIHF World Championship.
Born and raised in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Boyd graduated from Westwood Collegiate.

The 2003 Ladbrokes.com World Darts Championship was the tenth World Championship organised by the Professional Darts Corporation since it split from the British Darts Organisation in 1993. Ladbrokes (who sponsored the 1996 event with their Vernon's brand) took over sponsorship of the event from Skol.
The field at the televised stages expanded for the first time since 1999. An extra qualifying round was introduced increasing the total number of players from 32 to 40. John Part defeated the defending champion and number one seed, Phil Taylor, in the final to end two incredible runs by Taylor - eight successive World titles, and 44 successive victories at the Circus Tavern.
This was Part's second world championship having also won the 1994 BDO Championship (the first tournament after the split).
All matches are the best of 7 sets.
Highest three-dart checkout: 170 Roland Scholten, Les Fitton.
Tournament 180s scored: 277 in 818 legs
Most 180s scored, individual: 27 John Part, 22 Phil Taylor, 18 Richie Burnett
Steve Brown, the 1994 World Championship Semi-Finalists would become the first man through to the draw proper with a 4-2 win over David Platt. Platt a wild-card who had qualified via a competition in the People Newspaper, - one of the tournaments key partners didn't disgrace himself at all, and when leading 2-0 it looked good that he would move onto meet Phil Taylor in the second round. However Brown's experience told when he levelled the scores and would move through the next two sets to win.
Australian Simon Whitlock would also be in round two following a 4-2 win over Paul Williams. Having trailed 2-1, Whitlock won nine of the final 14 legs to book a date with number 6 seed and 2002 Finalist Peter Manley in round 2. Shayne Burgess, the former world no.3 who had recovered after a disastrous run of form in 2001 and 2002 including a 10-0 loss to Taylor in the World Matchplay 2002 would also move on to the second round following a 4-2 win over Arjan Moen, who had been toe-to-toe at 2-2.
Wayne Mardle, the new boy to the PDC circuit having been in the Quarter-Finals and Semi-Finals of the BDO event would also begin clinically, dropping 2 legs as he swept aside American Ray Carver by 4 sets to 0.
Also going into round 2 on the first day in Purfleet was Reg Harding, one of the perennial qualifiers who never seems to get beyond the opening round, - this time he did, just! Mark Robinson took a commanding 3-0 lead against Harding before the Englishman fought back, sneaking the sixth set 3-2 to draw level at 3-3. The decider would go all the way as Harding moved on to a match with 14th seed Kevin Painter in the second round, Mark Holden would also go through in the 7th set, beating Leeds' Dave Smtih 3-1 in the deciding set.
The First round would conclude with two matches today before the second round started. Bob Anderson, winner of the World Title in 1988 would be in terrific form as he lost just four legs in a 4-0 win over Al Hedman to move easily into round 2 and a match with 7th seed Colin Lloyd. Mick Manning, unlucky not to reach the last 16 in 2001 when he lost a sudden death leg to Dave Askew would take the final last 32 place in a 4-2 win over Lee Palfreyman, the hero of the 2002 Las Vegas Desert Classic.
The Second round then opened up - matches still best of 7 sets - best of 5 legs; Dennis Smith seeded 8th moving straight into the third round with a 4-1 win over former champion and four time beaten finalist at the Circus Tavern Dennis Priestley, whose ranking had seriously deteriorated in the previous year since his first round exit as fifth seed twelve months ago. - Priestley took the first set 3-2, but only took three other legs as "Smiffy" moved quickly onto a match with either 9th seed Denis Ovens, or Alex Roy.
Mark Holden's hopes of the title ended today with a 4-1 loss to "Bravedart" Jamie Harvey from Scotland. Harvey seeded 15th would now face 2nd seed John Part or Cliff Lazarenko in the third round and hopes of a return to the quarter-finals of 2001 were still alive.
Wayne Mardle produced his first ever epic comeback at the Circus Tavern, against 16th seed Peter Evison, Mardle took the first set 3-1, but then proceeded to lose 9 of 13 legs as Evison moved on to take a 3-1 lead after four sets, six in a row from Mardle, including checkouts of 115 and 144 saw Mardle get back on terms as the match moved into the deciding set. Evison took the first, but folded as Mardle took three legs on the bounce for a total of 9 in 10 as he moved to the third round stage on his debut at the Circus. - The winner of the next match between Taylor and Brown being Wayne's opponent.
Top seed Phil Taylor began his campaign for an 11th World Title and a 9th in a row with a 4-1 win over Steve Brown. Taylor bossed the match from start to finish averaging 103 and taking 6 of the first seven legs to go 2-0 up. Brown recovered with a 3-0 set win to close the gap to 2-1 but they were to be his final legs, Taylor took 6 more on the bounce to move into round 3 and a match with Mardle in the last 16.
Six more third round places up for grabs as the first weekend concluded. Denis Ovens, would be the first man to move into the third round on Sunday with a 4-1 win over Alex Roy; Ovens pretty much had total control throughout in building a 3-0 lead and only just losing set four 3-2 for what could have been a 4-0 win. However Roy was only really delaying what was inevitable, and Ovens took set five 3-1 to win 4-1, winning the match with a 157 checkout, Dennis Smith in the third round for "The Heat".
"It's rotten to play bad here". Those were the words of John Lowe as the 13th seed was soon dispatched from the World Championship, 4-1 by Les Fitton, who led Phil Taylor in 2001. Fitton was brilliant in taking control of the scrappy sets and barely allowing Lowe shots at doubles to win legs, Fitton would win 14 legs to Lowe's 8 as he moved on to a match with either Alan Warriner or Rod Harrington.
The man most people tipped to be the only threat to Taylor; 2nd seed John Part would start his World Championship here with a 4-1 over Cliff Lazarenko. Lazarenko, 50 years old and with the support of much of the crowd fell 3-0 down before taking the fourth 3-2. Part won the 5th to progress to a match with Jamie Harvey, though wasn't happy with his form.
Rod Harrington's ranking had slipped worse than Dennis Priestley's and when the draw for the second round was made, both he and Alan Warriner could curse their misfortune to draw each other early. Two years ago this was a potential quarter-final, this year one wouldn't make it beyond the New Year. The "Iceman" seeded fourth took a 2-0 lead before Harrington took set three to close the gap, Warriner moved 3-1 ahead with a 3-0 set win before Harrington took the fifth. However the home crowd were to be disappointed as Warriner moved on to round two by winning set six 3-2 for a 4-2 victory.
Dave Askew had been to both the 2001 and 2002 Semi-Finals before losing 6-0 to Phil Taylor. In the 2003 World Championship he began his campaign with a nervy 4-3 win over 1996 BDO World Champion Steve Beaton. Askew led 1-0, trailed 2-1, led 3-2 before Beaton hauled himself level with askew at 3 sets each. Askew took the 7th set 3-1 to move into the third round and a date with either Roland Scholten or Shayne Burgess.
It would indeed be Scholten. Seeded 5, Scholten took the first set 3-2 against Shayne Burgess. "Bulldog" levelled up by winning the second set 3-1. However it was one way traffic from there, Scholten winning 9 legs in a row to move through by four sets to one.
The second round would conclude today as the tournament moved towards its break for New Year's Eve. 7th seed Colin Lloyd, one of the other "Home" players from Essex was given the fright of his life following a nervy 4-3 win over Bob Anderson who had recovered from 3-1 down to level at 3-3 and in the end Lloyd would be relieved to see the final double nailed as he won through to face Chris Mason who beat 10th seed Andy Jenkins 4-2 in a tight game early on before Mason, twice a BDO semi-finalist won through.
Mick Manning also went out, 4-1 to the number 3 seed, Ronnie Baxter. Hopeful that he can go one step further than his 1999 and 2000 World Championship final losses, 6-5 to Barneveld and 6-0 to Hankey in the BDO and become the 2003 Ladbrokes.com World Champion. Baxter will now be linking up with 14th seed Kevin Painter who went through 4-1 against Reg Harding. Though Painter would be relieved to go through when he did, as Harding was beginning to battle back and get near Painter.
The final third round pairing would be decided as Richie Burnett won through 4-3 against Keith Deller, 3-1 in the Final set, "The Prince of Wales" hopeful of a second World title to add to his BDO world crowns. - Then came the first shock of the World Championships 2003.
6th seed Peter Manley was blown away 4-1 by Simon Whitlock of Australia, Whitlock coolly under pressure took the first three sets in deciding legs to go 3-0 up when it could have been 3-0 Manley or 2-1. Manley sneaked home in the fourth to close the gap to 3-1 but he never looked like a winner, a clearly shellshocked Whitlock taking the 5th set 3-0 to win 4-1.
Following the traditional New Year's Eve break, the World Championships resumed in 2003 at the third round stage. Matches now had been extended to best of 9 sets, so the first man to five goes through to the quarter-finals.
First man through to the Quarter-Finals today would be Roland Scholen, who swept past 12th seed Dave Askew by 5 sets to nil. Scholten took the first set 3-2, the second 3-0 and then the third 3-2 to go 3-0 up and effectively end the contest. The fourth set was won 3-0 and the fifth in another decided to secure the Dutchmans' passage into the Quarter-Finals again. His opponent would be Alan Warriner who had a real battle with Les Fitton. Fitton led 4-2 before Warriner levelled at 4-4. The set went 2-2 so the tie-breaker came into operation, 3-3 and 4-4, before Warriner squeezed home 6-4. Had it been 5-5 then the sudden death leg would have taken place for the second time in the 2003 event.
Dennis Smith would also be through, the 2000 semi-finalist sweeping home 5-1 against Denis Ovens in what was a cruel scoreline for "The Heat" as four of the six sets went 3-2 and the other pair 3-1. Smith would now meet Taylor or Mardle.
The first of many classics between the pair was upon us.
A 152 checkout from Mardle in the first leg set the tone for a strange game but a classic match. - 6 legs in a row from the "Power" saw him go 2-0 up and at 2-2 in the third set, could have gone 3-0 up. Wayne did win that said to close the gap. Taylor edged the fourth 3-2 to go 3-1 in front before Mardle edged sets five and six 3-2 to level the scores at 3-3. However Taylor took the seventh and eighth sets 3-1 and to his and wife Yvone's clear relief, he was in the quarter-finals.
Joining him would be number 2 seed John Part who had a tough time against Jamie Harvey of Scotland, Harvey led 3 sets to 2 before Part recovered to win the final three sets and keep alive the possibility of a Final with Taylor on Sunday. Part's opponent would be Chris Mason who ended the Essex crowd's hopes of a home world Champion. Chris in honest was ruthless taking 5 sets in a row after Lloyd had gone one-nil up.
Simon Whitlock's Purfleet adventure ended with a 5-3 loss to 11th seed Richie Burnett, who should have won with more to spare as he quickly went 4-1 up, Whitlock closed the gap to 4-3 but the Welshman took set eight 3-0 to set up a tie with 14th seed Kevin Painter, who shocked Ronnie Baxter 5-3.
A week ago, 40 players lined up, now eight remained, Quarter-Finals were still best of 9 sets and the first man to five would take a spot in the Semi-Finals on Saturday.
John Part kept his hope of a Final with Taylor alive following a high-quality 5-0 drubbing of Chris Mason. Part made no mistake on dealing swiftly with Mason and dropped just four legs, winning 15 as he moved into the last four. 14th seed and surprise package Kevin Painter would be his opponent after "The Artist" brushed aside Richie Burnett to move to the Semi-Finals, two more matches for the masterpiece. - Four sets in a row from Painter to win 5-2 against Burnett who said he'd had a terrible season.
Part wasn't the only one desperate to meet Taylor. 4th seed Alan Warriner claimed a 5-2 win over Roland Scholten and then stormed out of his Sky Sports interview to tell Taylor who was practicing, "if you beat Smiffy, I will sort you out"
Warriner would get his chance, though just, for the second time this week Taylor had been extended and had to use his experience of getting through the tough matches in previous years to beat Dennis Smith 5-3, Smith led 3-2 and when 4-3 behind was 2-2 in legs. Taylor seeded 1st, again looked relieved to be through.
Semi-Finals night, and with three of the top four seeds plus an excellent player left in, it could be high-quality final lined up tomorrow. Matches had been extended to the Best of 11 sets so 6 sets and you're into the final.
The road ended for Kevin Painter. The 14th seed whose stature had risen immensely during his run to the Semi-Finals (it would again in 2004) - was beaten 6-4 by Part in a tight match. The first three sets went 2-2 and Part took a 2 sets to 1 lead, it was just 8-7 in legs. Painter won the fourth 3-1, before they shared 2 three-two sets to make it 3-3. The leg count now 15-14 to Painter showing how tight the match was. Part won the seventh 3-2 but Painter would the eight 3-0 to level again, was this a turning point?
Part would sneak the final two sets 3-2 to win 6-4, In the end Painter could count himself unlucky as he took the most legs 24-21 but still lost 6-4. The buildup to the Taylor v Warriner Semi-Final was massive with Sky living on the storm out that Warriner could beat Taylor. In the end it was a damp squib. Taylor soon went 2-0 up in 6 straight legs. Warriner won the third 3-1 but Taylor took the fourth 3-0 and the fifth 3-2 to go 4-1, six legs in a row soon ended the contest, Taylor winning 6-1 and 19-5 in legs.
The final would again be the best of 13 sets. The last time these two had met, Part had squeezed home, and Taylor breezed through the night before, It had led to a 7-0 for Taylor conceding three legs.
Any inclinations of a match like that were soon ended as Part nailed a 121 checkout for the opening leg, then hit double four and double ten to take the opening set 3-0. At 2-2 in set two, Taylor missed double seven, enabling Part to take this set too. Taylor took the first leg of set three, but Part nailed the next three legs to go three sets up.
A 122 checkout from Taylor helped him to take his first set of the match, but Part soon restored his three-set advantage. Then Taylor stepped up a gear, taking 12 of the next 14 legs, and all of a sudden 'The Power' had a 5 sets to 4 lead.
Part, however, recovered brilliantly and took the tenth set 3-1, then edged the eleventh 3-2, to move within just one set of victory. Taylor, though, fought back to take the twelfth set 3-1, forcing a deciding set.
First blood in the decider went to Part with a 72 checkout, before he missed double 15 for a 110 finish that would put him just one leg away from the title. However, Taylor missed double 16, thus giving Part another opportunity to make it 2-0, which he took. It meant Taylor needed to take a minimum of four legs, if Part wasn't to win another.
Taylor closed the gap to 2-1 with a 98 checkout before, in the fourth leg, he needed to hit 121 to force a tie-break. He hit 17 and treble 18 before narrowly missing the bull. It left Part with three darts for a 77 finish and the title. Under enormous pressure he hit 19, 18 and finally double top to end Taylor's runs of eight successive World titles and 44 matches unbeaten at the Circus, and take his second world championship in all, after a truly thrilling final.

Formula One drivers who have raced in New Zealand team Amon in season 1974.

Logo of the Municipality of Banate, Iloilo, Philippines. Author: Municipality of Banate. Image found at http://elgu.ncc.gov.ph/ecommunity/banate-iloilo/.

The Pacific Conference Games were a quadrennial athletics competition, held between 1969 and 1985 and contested by Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand and the United States. Each of the five nations hosted an edition of the competition before its dissolution in 1985. The 1981 and 1985 events were open to athletes from all nations.
The event was proposed at the 1967 Summer Universiade in a specially scheduled meeting by Japanese national sports officials to their counterparts for the four other developed, Western nations with Pacific coasts. The intention was to hold a high level, two-day international track and field competition one year after each Summer Olympic Games. It was suggested in contemporary reports that the limited invitational format was designed to exclude the Soviet Union (which had boycotted the Tokyo Universiade).
The idea of a Pacific region sports competition was revived at the Pacific Ocean Games and an athletics competition featured at the sole edition in 1995. The games were abandoned after their first edition, however.


The 2002 Skol World Darts Championship was the ninth World Championship organised by the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC) since it separated from the British Darts Organisation (BDO). It was held between 28 December 2001 and 5 January 2002 at the Circus Tavern, Purfleet, Essex.
Phil Taylor continued his domination of the tournament by winning it for the eighth consecutive year, losing only two sets in the process and achieving a second consecutive 7-0 whitewash in the final against Peter Manley. This was his tenth World title in all.
Following the tournament, Skol brought to an end their five-year tenure as title sponsors.


Backdraft is a phenomenon in a fire (see also Flashover).
Backdraft may also refer to:

This is a depiction of the Fruit of Life (a component of the Flower of Life), created by the 09:30, 2 November 2006 (UTC)

The Musée de la civilisation à Québec (Museum of Civilization) is a museum located in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. It is situated in the historic Old Quebec area near the Saint Lawrence River. It was designed by architect Moshe Safdie, and opened its doors to the public on 19 December 1988.
The previous buildings of the "Banque de Paris" and the "Maison Estèbe", which were situated on Saint-Pierre street, were integrated in the museum's structure. Permanent and temporary exhibitions are held at the museum, usually related to humanities, and virtual exhibitions are also available. The institution also hosts "Quartier des découvertes" (Discovery Zone), geared towards children, and offers other services such as guided visits, a French America reference centre, shows, souvenir boutiques, a cafeteria, and a leisure room.
The Museum is affiliated with: the Canadian Museums Association, the Canadian Heritage Information Network, and the Virtual Museum of Canada.


Kakrali () is a village located in Kharian Tehsil, in the Gujrat District of Pakistan.
Kakrali is located approximately 25 Kilometers from Kharian and 35 Kilometers from Gujrat. The name of the village is derived from the Punjabi word "kikar" a tree. The majority of inhabitants of village are Jatt common called as Chauhdry.
In the early 20th century, the majority of men from Kakrali worked for the British army.
The land surrounding the village is arid, production of crops is totally dependent on seasonal rainfall. As a result, agriculture has not been the main source of income for the local population. Many of the villagers have gone overseas to find work; they have their own business in France, Greece, USA, UK, UAE, Kuwait, Canada, Iraq, Italy, Spain, Dubai, Sharja.
Kakrali has a Hindu temple, located in main bazaar kakrali.
The central mosque of Kakrali is Jamia Masjid, built by Mian Ghulam Hussain father of Mian Muhammad Sharif.
There is a boys high school in Kakrali which was established before the Partition. The first graduates of this school completed their studies in 1948.
The great jobs of three class mates.
Dr. Abdul Mujeed Zafar, Muhammad Aslam (Rtd. S.D.O. Civil) and Dr. Muhammad Munir started their initial schooling together from class 1 in the village school of Kakrali. After this tremendous work was done by them in their lives.
• Abdul Mujeed, (1933 – 2010)
o Dr. Abdul Mujeed Zafar,
o The first doctor of the village.
o His father Mien Amir Hussain was a teacher.
o His early schooling was in Kakrali.
o He received his M.B.B.S degree from Nishtar Medical College, Multan.
o He was also a nice poet.
o He established a hospital, in Kakrali.
• Muhammad Aslam, (1933 – 2014)
o Ch. Muhammad Aslam (Rtd. S.D.O. Civil, WAPDA)
o His early schooling was in Kakrali, with Dr, Mujeed and Dr. Munir.
o Then he completed his civil engineering from G.C.T Rasul in 1953.
o He is the 2nd Civil Engineer of the village.
o He joined Wapda in 1954 when he was appointed to Head Punjnad.
o He did great deeds during his services to public sector organization, Wapda.
o When Tarbela Dam started to construct, He was the first civil engineer appointed in construction. Later he was awarded the letter of appreciation by the Chairman of WAPDA, on his tremendous work.
o Under his engineering supervision soil material test lab in Tarbela was constructed.
o Under his engineering supervision L.J.C. (Lower Jhelum Canal) was built. This is one of the largest Canals by water discharge in Pakistan, starts from Rasul barrage.
o His build head regulator at BS-Link. Under his engineering supervision bifurcation of Baloki Sulemanki Link was completed. And two canals BS-1 and BS-2 were started from one canal BS-Link.
o In 1979, President of Pakistan, General Zia visited Quetta. He was told about the poor irrigation system in Baluchistan. At the order of President, Chairman WAPDA appointed Muhammad Aslam to build irrigation system. Then, he completed finest irrigation system at Mastug and Kuchlag in very short time till 1981, near Quetta.
• Muhammad Munir, (1932 –)
o Dr. Muhammad Munir.
o He is now in America.
o He and Muhammad Mujeed were medical in the same session.
o His father Munshi Rahmat Ullah was a teacher.
o His early schooling was in Kakrali.
o He received his M.B.B.S degree from Allama Iqbal Medical College, Lahore.
There was also an inventor who lived in this village, his name was Haji Allah Ditta.
• Haji Allah Ditta, (1929–2002)
o Son of Muhammad Din (best of blacksmiths in the whole region in his time).
o He also had very talented brothers (Muhammad Sharif, Muhammad Bashir, Mohammad Siddique and Muhammad Sadiq) who have all died now.
o He invented several machines including electric Toka Machine called Rizwan Toka. he also invented worm gear, electric domestic Chucky (domestic electric machine which turns grains into flour), and another kind of water suction pump.
o He was a very gentle and humble person.
o He left his Rizwan Toka business (Rizwan is his eldest grandson who lives in England) to his sons who are still running this business in Kotla Arab Ali Khan and in an industrial estate in Jehlum.
o Kakrali Village is near the Indian border.


The Howard family is one of the leading dynasties of the English aristocracy. The head of the senior branch of the family holds the title of Duke of Norfolk and is the premier duke of England.

This image is being linked here; though the picture is subject to copyright, I ( ) feel it is covered by the U.S. fair use laws because:

Noorul Islam University (Malayalam: നൂറുൽ ഇസ്ലാം യൂണിവേഴ്സിറ്റി, ) also Called as NI University, formerly Noorul Islam College of Engineering, is a private co-educational university located in Kumarakovil, Thuckalay, Kanyakumari District Tamil Nadu, India. The Institution was founded in 1989 by Dr.A.P.Majeed Khan and it has now been declared as a Deemed University by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Govt. of India at 8 December 2008. The University is now run by Noorul Islam Centre for Higher Education(NICHE) Society.
The university is approved by the University Grants Commission, All India Council for Technical Education and is accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC). It has been given an overall 'A' Grade by NAAC. According to National Institutional Ranking Framework Ranking Noorul Islam University was in 75th Place As of 2016 Ranking among 754 universities in India.
The university follows an entrance exam based system of admission and an interview based admission where academically challenged students can join the University. A yearly entrance exam, Noorul Islam Entrance Exam, is conducted. The admissions from this exam are decided based on merit.
The Institution is an ISO 9001:2000 Certified Institution
Noorul Islam university has consolidated different disciplines into seven Schools of Excellence University's programmes are recognised by a range of accreditation boards including International Accreditation Organization (IAO), USA, NBA, New Delhi and Institute of Engineers (India). The Institution is recognised as SIRO of DST,Govt.of India in 2008. Accreditation of all eligible programs by NBA, AICTE. Popularization of science award to the Institution by the Government of Tamil Nadu 2002. Award of Patent for the new innovation AVID, (Artificial Visual Implant Device) patented in the name of NICE up to 2024. Listed under section 2(f) of UGC Act 1956 - (F. 8-123/2006 (CPP-I))
The Noorul Islam University is located on the rocky face of velimalai,the exact place is kumaracoil, a part of Western Ghat hills. Padmanabhapuram, the capital of erstwhile Travancore is only 4.9 km away. Not too far, at 4 km distance is the Thuckalay Town.NICE is only a vocal-distance from the famous Lord Velmuruga Temple at Kumaracoil. It is only 15 km distance from Nagercoil, the district headquarters of Kanyakumari and 1.5 km from the NH-47. The Women's hostel is present inside the university campus whereas the Men's Hostel and The football ground are present outside the compound but near to it. The University encourages activities of sporting by providing basketball courts, tennis courts, and a football ground. The college has a networked campus in which all the departments are interconnected using optical fibre network to implement information sharing, communication, application access and internet connection sharing through VSAT. Full Wifi in college Campus and in both hostel.
A satellite station is provided and the facilities of video conferencing is also available. There is an auditorium at the top of the campus premises named 'Hill-Top Auditorium'
Software Engineering, Aeronautical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Automobile Engineering, Civil Engineering, CSE, Electronics and Communication Engineering, Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering, Marine Engineering, Biomedical engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Information Technology, Nano Technology, M.B.A, M.C.A, Science and Humanities, Aircraft maintenance Engineering, Avionics Engineering, Fire technology and Safety Engineering.
NIU Aeroclub was started in the year 2011, with the motto to enhance interest and practical knowledge in Aeronautical & Aerospace Engineering.It regularly organises Aeromodelling workshops,guest lectures,Video conferencing with Eminent Scientists.Also it conducts various technical events in Aviators - Annual Tech Symposium of Aeronautical Engineering.
Noorul Islam University (NIU) launched up its own satellite with ISRO help. The Rs.5-crore satellite will be used for agricultural applications and also facilitate higher education.
The satellite fabrication would be done under the watchful guidance of 18 former Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) employees who now work at the Noorul Islam Centre for Higher Education.

Museum of Civilization may refer to:

Monaco national rugby union team has been playing since the 1990s. They currently compete in Division 3D of the European Nations Cup. In October 2013, Monaco ranked 91st out of 100 national teams according to the International Rugby Board.
Monaco made their international debut in July 1996, in a match against Luxembourg, which ended in an 8-all draw. The next match played by Monaco was in April of the following year, when they also recorded their first win, defeating Slovenia 23-17. Monaco then played a number of games in the late 1990s, and then won three games in 2002. However, in 2006, they defeated Slovakia 6 points to nil. Monaco competed in the European qualifying tournament for the 2003 Rugby World Cup.


A plot of data collected and analysed by 09:36, 2 November 2006 (UTC) (the contributor of the image). Two different measures of faecal contamination are shown as a cross plot and indicate where and when they agree and where they don't. Using two separate measures increases the confidence in identifying contaminated sites. Figure drawn by Stephen M Mudge, 2006. 09:36, 2 November 2006 (UTC).

The Michael Jackson: 30th Anniversary Celebration was a 2001 New York City revue show by Michael Jackson. It took place on September 7, 2001 and September 10, 2001. In late November 2001, the CBS television network aired the concerts as a two-hour special in honor of Michael Jackson's thirtieth year as a solo entertainer (his first solo single, "Got to Be There", was recorded in 1971). The show was edited from footage of two separate concerts Michael had orchestrated in New York City's Madison Square Garden on September 7 and September 10 of 2001. The shows sold out in five hours. Ticket prices were pop's most expensive ever; the best seats cost $10,000 and included a dinner with Michael Jackson and a signed poster. The show was choreographed by Glenn Douglas Packard & Brian Thomas, they were nominated for a Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography. The show was presented by David Gest, World Events LLC and Clear Channel Entertainment in conjunction with American Airlines, American Eagle and Amazon.com. Jackson reportedly earned $7.5 million for each of the two concerts. The concert official Boxscore was $10,072,105 for both concerts.
To some fans, Jackson appeared more disoriented in the first concert as he only did one short moonwalk and improvised the ending of the Billie Jean performance. To explain Jackson's disoriented appearance, David Gest claimed in his film that Jackson was on drugs during the concerts. However, Jackson himself stated that he did not rehearse for the first concert. In Jermaine's book "You Are Not Alone: Michael Through a Brother's Eyes", Jermaine Jackson stated that Michael was taking Demerol, a pain relieving medicine with psychotropic effects. The show attracted numerous celebrities such as Marc Anthony, Jill St. John, Ann Miller, Whitney Houston, Jay-Z, Britney Spears, Naomi Campbell, Luther Vandross, Monica, Janet Leigh, Liza Minnelli, Elizabeth Taylor, Macaulay Culkin, Usher, Mýa, Natalie Cole, Lil' Romeo, Chris Tucker, Samuel L. Jackson, Destiny's Child, Jill Scott, Kenny Rogers, Gloria Estefan, Yoko Ono, Sam Harris, Angie Harmon, O-Town, Grant Hill, Robert Wagner and Tamia.
Michael Jackson; 30th Anniversary Special
Background Singers-Jason Paige, Michael McElroy, Shoshana Bean, Luther Creek, Melanie Daniels, 

Rowing at the 1968 Summer Olympics featured seven events, for men only. The events took place at Lake Xochimilco.
A total of 353 rowers from 29 nations competed at the Mexico Games:


This is a category articles related to museums in Quebec City, Quebec.

Wikipedians who like "Simoun".
Template: 

Bracht–Wachter bodies are a finding in infective endocarditis consisting of yellow-white miliary spots in the myocardium.
Histologically, these are collections of chronic inflammatory cells, mainly lymphocytes and histiocytes.
They were described by two Germans, Erich Franz Eugen Bracht, a pathologist and obstetrician-gynecologist, and Hermann Julius Gustav Wächter, a physician.
Other findings in infective endocarditis are:

For more people named Eugene Lee, see "Eugene Lee (disambiguation)".
Eugene Lee (born July 16, 1953) is an African American actor and playwright. He has appeared in work in Asia and in the United States. He has appeared in guest roles in numerous TV shows such as "The White Shadow", "Quantum Leap", "NYPD Blue" and "Touched by an Angel".
His stage work includes "A Soldier's Play" with Denzel Washington and Samuel L. Jackson with the Negro Ensemble Company, a Broadway appearance in August Wilson’s "Gem of the Ocean", and as a company member for the Kennedy Center’s 10-play cycle tribute to Wilson. As a playwright, his works include "East Texas Hot Links", "Fear Itself", "Somebody Called: A Tale of Two Preachers", and "Killingsworth", and "The Rest of Me".


This image is being linked here; though the picture is subject to copyright, I ( ) feel it is covered by the U.S. fair use laws because:

Route 666 may refer to:

Narantaka (Sanskrit: नरान्तक, IAST: narāntaka, lit. "destroyer of men") and Devanataka (Sanskrit: देवान्तक, IAST: devāntaka, lit. "destroyer of Gods") are demons who appear in a number of Hindu legends.
In the Ganesha Purana, they were a son of the rishi Rudraketu. (In Satya Yuga) After praying to the god Shiva, they were granted boons and become powerful and cruel rulers. They assume sovereignty over svarga. In response Ganesha, a popular elephant-headed god in Hinduism, turns into an Avatar named Mahotkata. He battles the Demon army with help of the Ashta Siddhi. Eventually Mahotkata manages to kill Devantaka with one of his tusks.
In the epic Ramayan (which happened in Treta Yuga), they are the rakshasa (demon) sons of the evil demon king Ravana. Narantaka was in charge of an army consisting of seventy-two crore (720 million) rakshas. He with his army were eventually killed by the vanara Angada.Devantaka is killed by Hanuman during a war.

Paul Bunyan" and "Babe the Blue Ox are the names of a pair of large statues of the American folk hero Paul Bunyan and his ox, located in Bemidji, Minnesota. This roadside attraction has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1988. Much like the architecture found in such structures as the Benewah Milk Bottle, the Teapot Dome Service Station or the comparably colossal Dinosaur Park sculptures in South Dakota, it served to attract the attention of motorists passing by and coincided with the dramatic rise in the popularity of automobiles.
The statues have been hailed by the Kodak Company as the "second most photographed statues in the United States", behind only Mount Rushmore in South Dakota.
The city of Bemidji is located in a vast woodland and lake region. As early as the 1890s the town saw a modest tourist trade. When rail connections came to Bemidji, in 1898, promoters began the development of lakeshore sites for cottages, hotels and resorts. Most of these resorts catered to hunters and anglers. In the 1920s the rise in automobile popularity contributed to a significant boom in Bemidji's tourist industry, but it, along with the rest of the economy, suffered during the Great Depression. Enter Paul Bunyan and Babe the Blue Ox.
As a means of stimulating tourism in Bemidji a number of local, civic organizations sponsored a winter carnival meant to hype the city's resources for winter sports. Due to Bemidji's once prominent status as a logging and lumbering center the celebrations focused on Paul Bunyan, the larger-than life lumberjack who is an American folk hero. On January 14, 1937 the carnival opened with Earl L. Grinols, Sr. the carnival king. The onset of the carnival brought the unveiling of two giant statues, one of Bunyan and the other of his giant blue ox, Babe; the pair would serve as carnival mascots. Babe was brought into town on a Grinols Implement & Fuel Co. truck arranged so that its exhaust exited through Babe's nostrils.
In March 2006, the Rotary Club of Bemidji raised $53,000 and along with a $68,000 federal grant set about to repair some damage to the statues. In addition the money was to be used in maintenance with the majority slated for stabilizing the ground beneath the statues, to lessen shifting in freezing temperatures. The work also focused on a crack in Babe from the neck to the hindquarters which continued to widen despite yearly fixes by the city with caulk and blue paint.
"Paul Bunyan" is approximately tall and measures across at his base. From toe to heel, "Paul Bunyan" measures . "Babe the Blue Ox" is about tall and across at the front hooves. From nose to tail, Babe measures about .


Otherness may refer to:


Monegasque Rugby Federation () is the governing body for the sport of rugby union in Monaco. The union was established in 1996.

The military history of South Africa chronicles a vast time period and complex events from the dawn of history until the present time. It covers civil wars and wars of aggression and of self-defence both within South Africa and against it. It includes the history of battles fought in the territories of modern South Africa in neighboring territories, in both world wars and in modern international conflicts.
The arrival of the permanent settlements of the Dutch East India Company at the Cape of Good Hope in 1652 brought them face to face with the local people, such as the Khoikhoi (called Hottentots by the Dutch), the San (Bushmen) and some Bantu peoples of South Africa. While the Dutch traded with the Khoikhoi, nevertheless serious disputes broke out over land ownership and livestock. This resulted in attacks and counter-attacks by both sides which were known as the Khoikhoi-Dutch Wars. The First Khoikhoi-Dutch War took place in 1659, the second in 1673 and the third in 1674–1677.
During 1664, tensions between England and the Netherlands rose with rumours of war being imminent – that same year, Commander Zacharius Wagenaer was instructed to build a pentagonal castle out of stone at . On 26 April 1679, the five bastions were built. The Castle of Good Hope is a fortification which was built on the original coastline of Table Bay and now, because of land reclamation, seems nearer the centre of Cape Town, South Africa. Built by the VOC between 1666 and 1679, the Castle is the oldest building in South Africa. The Castle acted as local headquarters for the South African Army in the Western Cape, but today houses the Castle Military Museum and ceremonial facilities for the traditional Cape Regiments.
The Battle of Muizenberg was a small but significant battle for the future destiny of South Africa which took place at Muizenberg (near Cape Town), South Africa in 1795; it led to the capture of the Cape Colony by the United Kingdom. A fleet of seven Royal Navy ships – five third-rates, "Monarch" (74), "Victorious" (74), "Arrogant" (74), "America" (64) and "Stately" (64), with the 16-gun sloops "Echo" and "Rattlesnake" – under Vice-Admiral Elphinstone anchored in Simon's Bay at the Cape of Good Hope in June 1795, having left England on 1 March. Their commander suggested to the Dutch governor that he place the Cape Colony under the protection of the British monarch – in effect, that he hand the colony over to Britain – which was refused. Simon's Town was occupied on 14 June by a force of 350 Royal Marines and 450 men of the 78th Highlanders, before the defenders could burn the town. Following skirmishes on 1 and 2 September, a final general attempt to recapture the camp was prepared by the Dutch for the 3rd, but at this point the British reinforcements arrived and the Dutch withdrew. A British advance on Cape Town, with the new reinforcements, began on the 14th; on the 16th, the colony capitulated.
The British assumed control of the Cape of Good Hope for the next seven years. The Cape was returned to the restored Dutch government (known as the Batavian Government) in 1804. In 1806 the British returned and after again defeating the Dutch at the Battle of Blaauwberg, stayed in control for more than 100 years.
The Xhosa Wars (also known as the "Kaffir Wars" or "Cape Frontier Wars") were a series of nine wars between parts of the Xhosa people, and European settlers with their Xhosa allies, from 1779 and 1879 in what is now the Eastern Cape in South Africa. The wars were responsible for the Xhosa people's loss of most of their land, and the incorporation of its people into European-controlled territories.
The Ndwandwe-Zulu War of 1817–1819 was a war fought between the expanding Zulu kingdom and the Ndwandwe tribe in South Africa. Shaka revolutionized traditional ways of fighting by introducing the assegai, a spear with a short shaft and broad blade, used as a close-quarters stabbing weapon. (Under Shaka's rule, losing an assegai was punishable by death. So it was never thrown like a javelin.) He also organized warriors into disciplined units known as "Impis" that fought in close formation behind large cowhide shields. In the Battle of Gqokli Hill in 1819, his troops and tactics prevailed over the superior numbers of the Ndwandwe people, who failed to destroy the Zulu in their first encounter.
The Ndwandwe and the Zulus met again in combat at the Battle of Mhlatuze River in 1820. The Zulu tactics again prevailed, pressing their attack when the Ndwandwe army was divided during the crossing of the Mhlatuze River. Zulu warriors arrived at the Ndwande King Zwide's headquarters near present-day Nongoma before news of the defeat, and approached the camp singing Ndwandwe victory songs to gain entry. Zwide fled with some of his offspring including Madzanga. Most of the Ndwandwe abandoned their lands and migrated north and eastward. This was the start of the Mfecane, a catastrophic, bloody migration of many different tribes in the area, initially escaping the Zulus, but themselves causing their own havoc after adopting Zulu tactics in war. Shaka was the ultimate victor, and his (more peaceful) descendants still live today throughout Zululand, with customs and a way of life that can be easily traced to Shaka's day.
Mfecane (Zulu), also known as the Difaqane or Lifaqane (Sesotho), is an African expression which means something like "the crushing" or "scattering". It describes a period of widespread chaos and disturbance in southern Africa during the period between 1815 and about 1835.
The Mfecane resulted from the rise to power of Shaka, the Zulu king and military leader who conquered the Nguni peoples between the Tugela and Pongola rivers in the beginning of the 19th century, and created a militaristic kingdom in the region. The Mfecane also led to the formation and consolidation of other groups – such as the Matabele, the Mfengu and the Makololo – and the creation of states such as the modern Lesotho.
The Battle of Italeni in what is now KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, in early 1838, between the Voortrekkers and the Zulus during the period of the Great Trek, resulted in the Zulu armies repulsing the Voortrekkers. On 9 April, near the Babanango Mountain Range a large Zulu impi (army) appeared, consisting of approximately 8,000 warriors. The Voortrekker commandos returned to their camp on 12 April. Boer general Piet Uys formed a raiding party of fifteen volunteers (including his son, Dirkie Uys.) During subsequent fighting Uys, his son, the Malan brothers as well as five of the volunteers were killed, and the Voortrekkers were forced to retreat. It has been speculated that, without the lessons learnt as a result of the Battle of Italeni – such as fighting from the shelter of ox-wagons whenever possible and choosing the place of battle rather than being enticed into unfavourable terrain – the Voortrekkers would not have succeeded in finally beating the Zulus at the Battle of Blood River eight months later.
The Battle of Blood River () was fought on 16 December 1838 on the banks of the Blood River ("Bloedrivier") in what is today KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. In the aftermath of the Weenen massacre, a group of about 470 Voortrekkers, led by Andries Pretorius, defended a "laager" (circle of ox wagons) against Zulu impis, ruled by King Dingane and led by Dambuza (Nzobo) and Ndlela kaSompisi, numbering between 10 and 20 thousand. The Zulus repeatedly and unsuccessfully attacked the "laager", until Pretorius ordered a group of horse riders to leave the encampment and engage the Zulus. Partly due to the fact that the Voortrekkers used rifles and at least one light cannon against the Zulus' spears, as well as the good location and motivation of the Voortrekkers, only three Voortrekkers were wounded and none perished; that contrasted against the more than 3,000 Zulu warriors who died. The Voortrekkers credited God as the reason why they had won the battle as they had made a covenant asking for protection beforehand.
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between Britain and the Zulus, and signalled the end of the Zulus as an independent nation. It was precipitated by Sir Bartle Frere High Commissioner for Southern Africa who manufactured a casus belli and prepared an invasion without the approval of Her Majesty's government.
At the Battle of Isandlwana (22 January 1879), the Zulu overwhelmed and wiped out 1,400 British soldiers. This battle is considered to be one of the greatest disasters in British colonial history. Isandlwana forced the policy makers in London to rally to the support of the pro-war contingent in the Natal government and commit whatever resources were needed to defeat the Zulu. The first invasion of Zululand ended with the catastrophe of Isandlwana where, along with heavy casualties, the main centre column lost all supplies, transport and ammunition and the British would be forced to halt their advances elsewhere while a new invasion was prepared. At Rorke's Drift (22–23 January 1879) 139 British soldiers successfully defended the station against an intense assault by four to five thousand Zulu warriors.
The Battle of Intombe was fought on 12 March 1879, between British and Zulu forces. The Siege of Eshowe took place during a three-pronged attack on the Impis of Cetshwayo at Ulundi. The Battle of Gingindlovu (uMgungundlovu) was fought between a British relief column sent to break the Siege of Eshowe and the Impis of Cetshwayo on 2 April 1879. The battle restored the British commanders' confidence in their army and their ability to defeat Zulu. With the last resistance removed, they were able to advance and relieve Eshowe. The Battle of Hlobane was a total disaster for the British; 15 officers and 110 men were killed, a further 8 wounded and 100 native soldiers died. The Battle of Kambula took place in 1879 when a Zulu army attacked the British camp at Kambula, resulting in a massive Zulu defeat. The Battle of Ulundi took place at the Zulu capital of Ulundi on 4 July 1879 and proved to be the decisive battle that finally broke the military power of the Zulu nation.
The First Boer War, also known as the First Anglo-Boer War or the Transvaal War, was fought from 16 December 1880 until 23 March 1881 and was the first clash between the British and the South African Republic (Z.A.R.) Boers. It was precipitated by Sir Theophilus Shepstone, who annexed the South African Republic (Transvaal Republic) for the British in 1877. The British consolidated their power over most of the colonies of South Africa in 1879 after the Anglo-Zulu War, and attempted to impose an unpopular system of confederation on the region. The Boers protested, and in December 1880 they revolted.
The battles of Bronkhorstspruit, Laing's Nek, Schuinshoogte, and Majuba Hill proved disastrous for the British where they found themselves outmaneuvered and outperformed by the highly mobile and skilled Boer marksmen. With the British commander-in-chief of Natal, George Pomeroy Colley, killed at Majuba, and British garrisons under siege across the entire Transvaal, the British were unwilling to further involve themselves in a war which was already seen as lost. As a result, William Gladstone's British government signed a truce on 6 March, and in the final peace treaty on 23 March 1881, gave the Boers self-government in the South African Republic (Transvaal) under a theoretical British oversight.
The Jameson Raid (29 December 1895 – 2 January 1896) was a raid on Paul Kruger's Transvaal Republic carried out by Leander Starr Jameson and his Rhodesian and Bechuanaland policemen over the New Year weekend of 1895–96. It was intended to trigger an uprising by the primarily British expatriate workers (known as Uitlanders, or in English "Foreigners") in the Transvaal but failed to do so. Though the raid was ineffective and no uprising took place, it did much to bring about the Second Boer War and the Second Matabele War.
The affair brought Anglo-Boer relations to a dangerous low, and the ill feeling was heightened by the "Kruger telegram" from the German Emperor, Kaiser Wilhelm II. It congratulated Paul Kruger for defeating the raid, as well as appearing to recognise the Boer republic and offer support. The emperor was already perceived as anti-British, and a naval arms race had started between Germany and Britain. Consequently, the telegram alarmed and angered the British.
The Second Boer War, also known as the Second Anglo-Boer War, the Second Freedom War (Afrikaans) and referred to as the South African War in modern times took place from 11 October 1899 – 31 May 1902. The war was fought between the British Empire and the two independent Boer republics of the Orange Free State and the South African Republic (referred to as the Transvaal by the British). After a protracted hard-fought war, the two independent republics lost and were absorbed into the British Empire.
In all, the war had cost around 75,000 lives – 22,000 British soldiers (7,792 battle casualties, the rest through disease), 6,000–7,000 Boer Commandos, 20,000–28,000 Boer civilians, mostly women and children due to disease in concentration camps, and an estimated 20,000 black Africans, Boer allies, died in their own separate concentration camps. The last of the Boer forces surrendered in May 1902 and the war ended with the Treaty of Vereeniging in the same month. The war resulted in the creation of the Transvaal Colony which in 1910 was incorporated into the Union of South Africa. The treaty ended the existence of the South African Republic and the Orange Free State as Boer republics and placed them within the British Empire.
The Boers referred to the two wars as the "Freedom Wars". Those Boers who wanted to continue the fight were known as "bitter-einders" (or "irreconcilables") and at the end of the war a number like Deneys Reitz chose exile rather than sign an undertaking that they would abide by the peace terms. Over the following decade, many returned to South Africa and never signed the undertaking. Some, like Reitz, eventually reconciled themselves to the new "status quo", but others waited for a suitable opportunity to restart the old quarrel. At the start of World War I the bitter-einders and their allies took part in a revolt known as the Maritz Rebellion.
The Union of South Africa, which came into being in 1910, tied closely to the British Empire, joined Great Britain and the allies against the German Empire. Both Prime Minister Louis Botha and Defence Minister Jan Smuts, both former Second Boer War generals who had fought against the British then, but who now became active and respected members of the Imperial War Cabinet. (See Jan Smuts during World War I.)
The Union Defence Force was part of significant military operations against Germany. In spite of Boer resistance at home, the Afrikaner-led government of Louis Botha unhestitatingly joined the side of the Allies of World War I and fought alongside its armies. The South African Government agreed to the withdrawal of British Army units so that they were free to join the European war, and laid plans to invade German South-West Africa. Elements of the South African army refused to fight against the Germans and along with other opponents of the Government rose in open revolt. The government declared martial law on 14 October 1914, and forces loyal to the government under the command of General Louis Botha and Jan Smuts proceeded to destroy the Maritz Rebellion. The leading Boer rebels got off lightly with terms of imprisonment of six and seven years and heavy fines. (See World War I and the Maritz Rebellion.)
The Union Defence Force saw action in a number of places:
More than 146,000 whites, 83,000 blacks and 2,500 people of mixed race ("Coloureds") and Asians served in South African military units during the war, including 43,000 in German South-West Africa and 30,000 on the Western Front. An estimated 3,000 South Africans also joined the Royal Flying Corps. The total South African casualties during the war was about 18,600 with over 12,452 killed – more than 4,600 in the European theater alone.
The Commonwealth War Graves commission has records of 9457 known South African War dead during World War I. 
There is no question that South Africa greatly assisted the Allies, and Great Britain in particular, in capturing the two German colonies of German South West Africa and German East Africa as well as in battles in Western Europe and the Middle East. South Africa's ports and harbours, such as at Cape Town, Durban, and Simon's Town, were also important rest-stops, refuelling-stations, and served as strategic assets to the British Royal Navy during the war, helping to keep the vital sea lanes to the British Raj open.
On the eve of World War II the Union of South Africa found itself in a unique political and military quandary. While it was closely allied with Great Britain, being a co-equal Dominion under the 1931 Statute of Westminster with its head of state being the British king, the South African Prime Minister on 1 September 1939 was none other than Barry Hertzog the leader of the pro-Afrikaner anti-British National party that had joined in a unity government as the United Party.
Hertzog's problem was that South Africa was constitutionally obligated to support Great Britain against Nazi Germany. The Polish-British Common Defence Pact obligated Britain, and in turn its dominions, to help Poland if attacked by the Nazis. After Hitler's forces attacked Poland in the morning of 1 September 1939, Britain declared war on Germany within a few days. A short but furious debate unfolded in South Africa, especially in the halls of power in the Parliament of South Africa, that pitted those who sought to enter the war on Britain's side, led by the pro-Allied pro-British Afrikaner and former Prime Minister Jan Smuts and General "against" then-current Prime Minister Barry Hertzog who wished to keep South Africa "neutral", if not pro-Axis.
On 4 September 1939, the United Party caucus refused to accept Hertzog's stance of neutrality in World War II and deposed him in favor of Smuts. Upon becoming Prime Minister of South Africa, Smuts declared South Africa officially at war with Germany and the Axis. Smuts immediately set about fortifying South Africa against any possible German sea invasion because of South Africa's global strategic importance controlling the long sea route around the Cape of Good Hope.
Smuts took severe action against the pro-Nazi South African Ossewabrandwag movement (they were caught committing acts of sabotage) and jailed its leaders for the duration of the war. (One of them, John Vorster, was to become future Prime Minister of South Africa.) (See Jan Smuts during World War II.)
Prime Minister Jan Smuts was the only important non-British general whose advice was constantly sought by Britain's war-time Prime Minister Winston Churchill. Smuts was invited to the Imperial War Cabinet in 1939 as the most senior South African in favour of war. On 28 May 1941, Smuts was appointed a Field Marshal of the British Army, becoming the first South African to hold that rank. Ultimately, Smuts would pay a steep political price for his closeness to the British establishment, to the King, and to Churchill which had made Smuts very unpopular among the conservative nationalistic Afrikaners, leading to his eventual downfall, whereas most English-speaking whites and a minority of liberal Afrikaners in South Africa remained loyal to him. (See Jan Smuts during World War II.)
South Africa and its military forces contributed in many theaters of war. South Africa's contribution consisted mainly of supplying troops, airmen and material for the North African campaign (the Desert War) and the Italian Campaign as well as to Allied ships that docked at its crucial ports adjoining the Atlantic Ocean and Indian Ocean that converge at the tip of Southern Africa. Numerous volunteers also flew for the Royal Air Force. (See: South African Army in World War II; South African Air Force in World War II; South African Navy in World War II.)
Of the 334,000 men volunteered for full-time service in the South African Army during the war (including some 211,000 whites, 77,000 blacks and 46,000 "coloureds" and Asians), nearly 9,000 were killed in action.
The Commonwealth War Graves Commission has records of 11,023 known South African war dead during World War II.
However, not all South Africans supported the war effort. The Anglo-Boer war had ended only thirty five years earlier and to some, siding with the "enemy" was considered disloyal and unpatriotic. These sentiments gave rise to "The Ossewabrandwag" ("Oxwagon Sentinel"), originally created as a cultural organisation on the Centenary of the "Great Trek" becoming more militant and openly opposing South African entry into the war on side of the British. The organisation created a paramilitary group called "Stormjaers" ('storm chasers'), modelled on the Nazi SA or "Sturmabteilung" ("Storm Division") and which was linked to the German Intelligence ("Abwehr") and the German Foreign Office ("Dienstelle Ribbentrop") via Dr. Luitpold Werz – the former German Consul in Pretoria. The "Stormjaers" carried out a number of sabotage attacks against the Smuts government and actively tried to intimidate and discourage volunteers from joining the army recruitment programs.
In the Korean War, the famous 2 Squadron ("The Flying Cheetahs") took part as South Africa's contribution. It won many American decorations, including the unusual honour of a United States Presidential Unit Citation in 1952:
Some sources list 35 deaths from 2 Squadron.
The Simonstown Agreement was a naval cooperation agreement between the United Kingdom and South Africa signed 30 June 1955. Under the agreement, the Royal Navy gave up its naval base at Simonstown, South Africa, and transferred command of the South African Navy to the government of South Africa. In return, South Africa promised the use of the Simonstown base to Royal Navy ships.
U.S. Intelligence believed that Israel participated in South African nuclear research projects and supplied advanced non-nuclear weapons technology to South Africa during the 1970s, while South Africa was developing its own atomic bombs.
According to David Albright, writing for the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, "Faced with sanctions, South Africa began to organize clandestine procurement networks in Europe and the United States, and it began a long, secret collaboration with Israel." although he goes on to say "A common question is whether Israel provided South Africa with weapons design assistance, although available evidence argues against significant cooperation." According to the Nuclear Threat Initiative, in 1977 Israel traded 30 grams of tritium in exchange for 50 tons of South African uranium and in the mid-80s assisted with the development of the RSA-3 ballistic missile. Also in 1977, according to foreign press reports, it was suspected that South Africa signed a pact with Israel that included the transfer of military technology and the manufacture of at least six atom bombs.
Chris McGreal has claimed that "Israel provided expertise and technology that was central to South Africa's development of its nuclear bombs". In 2000, Dieter Gerhardt, Soviet spy and a former commodore in the South African Navy, claimed that Israel agreed in 1974 to arm eight Jericho II missiles with "special warheads" for South Africa.
During the 1980s, South Africa pursued research into nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons. Six crude nuclear weapons were assembled. With the anticipated changeover to a majority-elected government in the 1990s, the South African government dismantled all of its nuclear weapons, the only nation in the world to date which voluntarily gave up nuclear arms it had developed itself. The country has been a signatory of the Biological Weapons Convention since 1975, the Chemical Weapons Convention since 1995, and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty since 1991.
The Vela Incident (sometimes known as the South Atlantic Flash) was the possible detection of a nuclear weapon test. This detection was made by a United States Vela satellite on 22 September 1979. Much of the information about the event is still classified. The Vela 6911 satellite apparently detected the characteristic double flash of an atmospheric nuclear explosion (first a very fast and very bright flash, and then a less bright and longer-lasting flash) of some two to three kilotons at near the Prince Edward Islands, a South African dependency lying in the Indian Ocean. The technical evidence is however inconclusive.
If the detection was a nuclear explosion, and not a natural phenomenon or malfunction, the two primary suspects for the sources of an unexplained nuclear blast were Israel and South Africa, both of which had covert nuclear weapons programs at the time. A test by either Israel or South Africa would have been very awkward for the Carter administration. Israel was a close American ally, while the South African relationship was close but unpopular due to apartheid. Carter had worked hard on nonproliferation issues, and a vigorous response would have been required if it had been proven that either nation had conducted the test. This would have disrupted the negotiations underway over the Camp David Accords.
If a nuclear explosion did occur, it is uncertain who triggered it. There are difficulties with both the South African and Israeli hypotheses.
South Africa did have a nuclear weapons program at the time, and the geographic location of the tests points to their involvement. However, since the fall of apartheid, South Africa has disclosed most of the information on its nuclear weapons program, and according to the subsequent International Atomic Energy Agency report, South Africa did not have the capability to construct such a device until November 1979, two months after the incident. American signals intelligence detected unusual security measures at South Africa's Walvis Bay facility the week before the event, which led to suspicions that the putative test was staged from there. . However these were most likely merely due to military exercises which were being carried out at that time. Walvis Bay is also located on the Atlantic coast of modern Namibia, and is quite remote from South Africa's primary military infrastructure, so that staging a test from there would have entailed lengthy overland or air transport of materials and equipment prior to loading it onto ships.
Israel did have nuclear weapons in 1979, but it is questioned whether they had the capability to mount a covert test thousands of kilometers away. If it had been an Israeli test, it would almost certainly have been conducted with South African assistance and cooperation.
Between 1966 and 1989, South Africa waged a long and bitter counter-insurgency campaign against the People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN) in South-West Africa. PLAN was backed by the Soviet Union and a number of Warsaw Pact member states, as well as several sympathetic, newly independent African governments. It also received considerable combat support from the People's Armed Forces of Liberation of Angola (FAPLA) and a sizeable contingent of Cuban military advisors. In response, South Africa underwent a massive military expansion to combat the PLAN threat, which included the formation of several elite special forces units such as Koevoet, 32 Battalion, and the Reconnaissance Commando Regiment. South African troops raided neighbouring states to strike at PLAN forward operating bases, which occasionally entailed clashes with FAPLA and the Zambian Defence Force. This largely undeclared conflict became known as the South African Border War during the late 1970s.
SADF expeditionary forces targeted guerrilla bases, refugees, and rural infrastructure in Angola and Zambia, depending initially on border raids, patrols, and air strikes to keep PLAN at bay. This was eventually extended to a permanent SADF military presence throughout southern Angola, with the objective of forcing PLAN bases to relocate further and further north. While this strategy was successful, it resulted in the parallel expansion of FAPLA, with Soviet assistance, to meet what Luanda perceived as a direct South African threat to Angolan sovereignty. FAPLA and the SADF clashed continuously between 1981 and 1984, and again from 1987 to 1988, culminating in the Battle of Cuito Cuanavale.
The South African Border War was closely linked to the Angolan Civil War. South African expeditionary units had openly invaded Angola in 1975 during "Operation Savannah", an ill-fated attempt to support two rival Angolan factions, the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) and the National Liberation Front of Angola (FNLA), during the civil war. The SADF was forced to withdraw under overwhelming pressure from thousands of Cuban combat troops. When South Africa began intensifying its campaign against PLAN in the 1980s, it reasserted its alliance with UNITA and took the opportunity to bolster that movement with training and captured PLAN weaponry.
The Battle of Cuito Cuanavale proved to be a major turning point for both conflicts, as it resulted in the Angolan Tripartite Accord, in which Cuba pledged to withdraw its troops from Angola while South Africa withdrew from South-West Africa. South-West Africa received independence as the Republic of Namibia in 1990.
South Africa has produced a variety of significant weapons, vehicles and planes for its own uses as well as for international export. Some have been established weapons produced under license and in other instances South Africa has innovated and manufactured its own weapons and vehicles. The predominant manufacturer of weapons is Denel.
During the 1960s and 1970s, Armscor produced a great deal of South Africa's armament as South Africa was under UN sanctions. It was during this time that Armscor contracted with Gerald Bull's Space Research Corporation for advanced 155mm howitzer designs, which it eventually produced, used, and exported to countries such as Iraq.
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, it was common for anti-apartheid political movements to form military wings, such as Umkhonto we Sizwe (MK), which was created by the African National Congress, and the Azanian People's Liberation Army (APLA) of the Pan-Africanist Congress. These functioned as "de facto" guerrilla armies, carrying out acts of sabotage and waging a limited rural insurgency. The guerrillas occasionally clashed with each other as their respective political organs jockeyed for internal influence.
Though fought on a much smaller scale than the South African Border War, the SADF's operations against MK and APLA mirrored several important aspects of that conflict. Much like PLAN, for example, MK often sought sanctuary in states adjacent to South Africa's borders. The SADF retaliated with targeted assassinations of MK personnel on foreign soil, and a combination of air strikes and special forces raids on MK bases in Zambia, Mozambique, Botswana, and Lesotho.
Both MK and APLA were disbanded and integrated with the South African National Defence Force (SANDF) following the abolition of apartheid.
The Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging (AWB) – "Afrikaner Resistance Movement" – was formed in 1973 in Heidelberg, Transvaal, a town southeast of Johannesburg. It is a political and paramilitary group in South Africa and was under the leadership of Eugène Terre'Blanche. They are committed to the restoration of an independent Afrikaner republic or "Boerestaat" within South Africa. In their heyday, the period of transition in the early 1990s, they received much publicity both in South Africa and abroad as an extremist white supremacist group.
During the Negotiations to end apartheid in South Africa, the AWB stormed the venue, the Kempton Park World Trade Centre, breaking through the glass front of the building with an armoured car. The invaders took over the main conference hall, threatening delegates and painting slogans on the walls and left again after a short period.
In 1994, before the advent of majority rule, the AWB again gained international notoriety in its attempt to defend the dictatorial government of Lucas Mangope in the homeland of Bophuthatswana, who opposed the upcoming elections and the dissolution of "his" homeland. The AWB, along with a contingent of about 90 Afrikaner Volksfront militiamen entered the capital of Mmabatho on 10 March and 11 March.
Terre'Blanche was sentenced for the attempted murder of security guard, Paul Motshabi, but he only served three years. In June 2004, he was released from prison. Terre'blanche claimed that while in prison, he re-discovered God and has dropped some of his more violent and racist policies. He preached reconciliation as 'prescribed by God' in his later years. Terre'Blanche was murdered on his farm on 3 April 2010.
The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) is the name of the present-day armed forces of South Africa. The military as it exists today was created in 1994, following South Africa's first post-apartheid national elections and the adoption of a new constitution. It replaced the South African Defence Force (SADF), and included personnel and equipment from the SADF and the former Homelands forces (Transkei, Venda, Bophuthatswana, and Ciskei), as well as personnel from the former guerrilla forces of some of the political parties involved in South Africa, such as the African National Congress's Umkhonto we Sizwe, the Pan Africanist Congress's APLA and the Self-Protection Units of the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP).
As of 2004, the integration process was considered complete, with the integrated personnel having been incorporated into a slightly modified structure very similar to that of the SADF, with the latter's structure and equipment for the most part being retained.
The commander of the SANDF is appointed by the President from one of the armed services. The current commander is General Solly Shoke. He in turn is accountable to the Minister of Defence, currently Nosiviwe Noluthando Mapisa-Nqakula.
Some of the Traditional South African Regiments have been serving the country for over a hundred and fifty years under various iterations of political systems and different governments.
The South African Department of Defence's Strategic Defence Acquisition (known as the Arms Deal) aimed to modernise its defence equipment, which included the purchase of corvettes, submarines, light utility helicopters, lead-in fighter trainers and advanced light fighter aircraft. This saw the SANDF being provided with modern equipment.
Recent peacekeeping actions on the behalf of the South African military include the South African intervention in Lesotho in order to restore the democratically elected government after a coup, as well as extensive contributions to the United Nations peacekeeping operations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Burundi. An operation to Sudan has recently begun and is scheduled to be increased to Brigade strength.
Issues that face the SANDF include a severe shortage of pilots and naval combat officers, due to the replacement of white officers from the former SADF with appointments from the old liberation forces and emigration. The loss of trained personnel and the decommissioning of much needed equipment due to funding issues, high HIV-rates amongst personnel and the fact that SANDF infantry soldiers are some of the oldest in the world, all raise questions regarding the current fighting efficiency of the SANDF. Some of these issues are being addressed with the introduction of the Military Skills Development (MSD) programme, as well as aggressive recruitment and training by the Reserve Force Regiments.
Recently, the SANDF has been involved in combat in both the Central African Republic (Bangui) as well as in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (FIB)). The performance of the SANDF soldiers in combat in these two theatres has gone a long way towards silencing critics of the combat effectiveness of the actual soldiers but has refocused the debate on that of the political leadership as well as the procurement and recruitment issues that still abound.
Four armed services make up the forces of the SANDF:

, is a manga by Hajime Yamamura.
Hitaka Kugaya, a former kendo champion who often has a weird recurring dream about a mysterious woman, seems to be the only one in his class who's not interested in Takemi Kanata; he meets her in the music room, while she's playing Beethoven's "Tempest", and she warns him that a tempest is coming.
While going back home from school, he's followed by a dog, and when he gives him something to eat it opens a huge mouth, revealing itself as a demon. At the very last moment, when his hand is already in the dog's mouth, in it appears a sword (the holy sword "Himuka"), which splits the beast in half; after that, Takemi appears, and gets rid of the body with a strange mirror ("mirror of containment"). Crying, she calls him Tohma, and reveals him that the beasts are "invaders from another world", and they're "guardians of the seal": the two worlds are separated by a seal, but the seal gets breached periodically, and the clan of the sword has the mission to stop the invasion.
At first he doubts Takemi's words, as he doesn't remember anything, but when he comes back home he finds his aunt murdered by a crow demon, and he's badly injured; when he awakes in a hospital, there's already no way out for him.

The Rodderberg is an extinct volcano in the east of the municipality of Wachtberg near Bonn, Germany. The last eruption was 250,000 years ago.
It is situated just above the Rhine-valley. Together with the Drachenfels directly opposite, the Rodderberg narrows the Rhine-valley. This gorge portion is the southern limit of the lowland-bay of Cologne.
The Rodderberg offers views to the Siebengebirge, the Rhine-valley and up to the Cologne Cathedral, about 50 km away.
The Rodderberg detonated in a phreatomagmatic eruption about 250,000 years ago. This happened when the magmatic plume reached the groundwater level of the Rhine (about 50m higher than today). After the explosion, the crater was filled with water that formed a maar of about 90 m depth. In the last 250,000 years this feature filled with dust and soil until it was filled up to today's level.
At present, all that is left of the old Volcano is just a small hill which has a shallow craterous form on its surface - if one doesn't know that it is a volcano, you would not see it.

Odontamblyopus tenuis is a species of eel goby native to fresh, brackish and marine coastal waters from Pakistan and Myanmar. This species can reach a length of SL.

The town of Pocklington in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England has a recorded written history that goes back around 1,500 years, and archaeological evidence shows settlement at the site as long as 2,500 years ago. This gives it a longer history of settlement than larger contemporary settlements in the region and country such as York and even London. During this time, it has experienced plague, several invasions, the loss of its railway, and its marginalisation to a backwater under the Romans. Nevertheless, Pocklington has prospered where other market towns have failed. It has always been the commercial and civic centre for the district and was at one point the second largest settlement in Yorkshire. It is the focal point of an area which has seen significant events through the centuries, many influencing English history.
Pocklington gets its name via the Old English "Poclintun" from the Anglian settlement of Pocel's (or Pocela's) people and the Old English word "tun" meaning farm or settlement [A D Mills, "The Popular Dictionary of English Place-Names"], but though the town's name can only be traced back to around 650 AD, the inhabitation of Pocklington as a site is thought to extend back a further 1000 years or more to the Bronze Age.
It is not known exactly when there was first a settlement at Pocklington – archaeologists have found Iron Age remains in and around the town and many Bronze Age burials and other finds have been discovered in the neighbourhood. More recently in 2016 builders uncovered an earlier, Bronze Age, settlement, dating to around 800 BC.
In 1937, wooden planks belonging to an ancient boat were discovered by a local man in nearby Ferriby. Originally estimated to date from 1300 BC, newer estimates using radiocarbon dating have placed the boats between the years 1890 BC to 1700 BC.
Certainly the Wolds area as a whole was a very attractive location for settlements to ancient man, who preferred to stay clear of the poorly drained and often flooded neighbouring vales – before the draining of a lot of land in the medieval era the flat land to the west and south of Pocklington was very marshy.
Archaeologists have experienced problems in recovering early remains and artefacts from the area intact because of the damage and disruption caused by centuries of arable land use – one skeleton discovered in 2005 was intact apart from its skull, which had been sheared off and crushed by a plough.
Ptolemy relates that the Parisii, an ancient Briton tribe (with branches in France, and after which Paris itself is named) inhabited a large part of what is now the East Riding of Yorkshire in the late Iron Age (50 BC) [Ptolemy, "Geography"]. They were probably displaced to Britain by population movements on the continent. It is possible that Pocklington was settled by the Parisii as early as the 5th century BC, but certainly by the time the Parisii participated in the general rising of Vercingetorix against Julius Caesar in 52 BC there is strong evidence that their regional capital was based at Pocklington itself.
Archeology has also discovered a substantial late Iron Age settlement of roundhouses in nearby Hayton.
It is during the era of the Roman occupation that Pocklington suffered something of a reversal in its development. It was eclipsed by York as the prominent settlement within the Yorkshire region, with the City of York effectively beginning its life during this era and swiftly eclipsing Pocklignton in size and importance. Despite Pocklington's existing status and size at the time, York was favoured as the site of the Roman city Eboracum in around 71 AD. It is thought to have been selected, whilst Pocklington was ignored, because of its better water access (River Ouse, accessible via Humber estuary) and because it was a naturally crossing point on a plain of routes from all directions.
Despite Ermine Street (the primary Roman arterial road north from London) running close by Pocklington, the town was not garrisoned by Roman forces. A legionary barracks and important Roman town were constructed in York, which was for several years the home of the Roman Imperial Court and effectively the centre of administration for the Roman Empire, but Pocklington likely remained a Roman-influenced but little altered Iron Age settlement. There is archaeological evidence for some signs of Romanization (cultural) in Pocklington, including a Roman-style bath-house.
The Roman name for Pocklington is not known but it is thought that Pocklington might be the presently unlocated "Delgovicia", meaning "out of the way place" or, literally, backwater. However, Millington and Malton are competing candidates for this place-name also. By the time Ptolemy wrote his "Geography" in approximately 140 AD, he made no mention of Pocklington but instead referred to the capital of the Romano-British Parisi as being located in "Petuaria", near modern-day Brough. Given that the Parisi themselves were non-literate and Ptolemy was writing at some remove, it is difficult now to know whether their capital shifted from Pocklington to Brough, or whether it was always at Pocklington, or always at Brough.
Around this time, the Roman authorities raised an irregular auxiliary unit from the area, known as the Company of Newcomers [Collingwood & Wright, "The Roman Inscriptions of Britain"].
There is also evidence of a Roman villa just outside Pocklington, and although it is not known who occupied it, is suspected to have been a Romano-British chief.
In 2004 diggers excavating the site near Pocklington unearthed fragments of a human skeleton which almost certainly dated back to Roman times. A quantity of Roman era pottery dating back to between 70 AD and 410 AD has also been uncovered scattered across the same field.
It is known that at least as early as the 4th century large tracts of land in the Pocklington area and the Wolds were granted to Germanic "Foederati" – continental warlords (possibly of the Alemanni) who were given areas of farmland in return for military service. It is not known to what extent this influx replaced or mingled with the earlier inhabitants.
It was some time before 650 AD that Pocklington gained its current name, meaning "farmstead belonging to Pocela's people". It is not known what name Pocklington was known by before that date.
It is reputed that the ancient kingdom of Deira has its capital nearby. It is likely that the missionary Paulinus established the first Christian church in Pocklington on his way from Goodmanham to found York Minster. Certainly, the Sotheby Cross, dating from the late 14th century in the churchyard at All Saints' Church, has the inscription "Paulinus here preached and celebrated AD627".
The Great Heathen Army of the Vikings captured much of the area in 866, and, in 876, their remnants settled permanently in parts of the Yorkshire countryside. Viking kings ruled this area, known to historians as "The Viking Kingdom of Jorvik", for almost a century. In 954, the last Viking king, Eric Bloodaxe, was expelled and his kingdom was incorporated in the newly consolidated Anglo-Saxon state.
Many English towns are able to find mention of themselves in the Domesday Book, William the Conqueror's catalogue of the country. Even before the Norman Conquest, however, records of Pocklington are found in taxation census' of Anglo Saxon kings.
Pocklington steadily evolved from Anglo Saxon times as the centre of the surrounding agricultural area. Before the Norman conquest, when King Harold's brother-in-law Earl Morcar was Lord of the Manor, it was a prosperous settlement.
The Battle of Stamford Bridge was fought just 4 miles from Pocklington, and was the first of two major battles in that year for control of the country (the other being the Battle of Hastings. The former marked the end of Viking rule in England and the latter ushered in a period of Norman rule.
After the Norman conquest the manor at Pocklington became a royal manor – with the Percy family as the King's overlords – and under this royal patronage, Pocklington continued to prosper. Pocklington was recorded in the Domesday Book as "Poclinton" and, given its current size, it is surprising to note that at the time of Domesday (1086) it is recorded as being the second largest settlement in Yorkshire after York itself, showing clearly that it had bounced back from its marginalisation in Roman Britain.
Pocklington developed through the Middle Ages while many similar places fell into dramatic decline. Pocklington owed much of its prosperity in the Middle Ages to the fact it was a local centre for the trading of wool and that it lay on the main road to York, an important national centre for the export of wool to the Continent. Wool was England’s principal export in the Middle Ages.
A weekly market and regular fairs in the town were held by Royal Charter in 1245. Regular fairs continued until the early 1900s.
The town's All Saints' Church is the only survivor from the Middle Ages. Known as the "Cathedral of the Wolds", it dates from the late 12th to early 15th centuries. Although containing some fragments of the earlier Norman church, its foundations go back further to the original Saxon era. The clerestory is 13th century and the tower is 15th.
Parish records show that the Black Death (the bubonic plague) struck Pocklington hard in 1350, a year after its first outbreak in London and the south coast.
Pocklington School was founded in 1514 as the Guild of the Parish Church by senior churchmen and politician John Dolman. His family became Lords of the Manor in the 14th century.
In 1400 Pocklington was one of 30 East Riding of Yorkshire settlements which could be termed market towns. By 1750 there were just 10 and Pocklington was one. Over the next 150 years the town trebled in size with a host of new trades joining existing agricultural, brewing and milling interests.
Pocklington has one of the few Cromwellian charters in the country. The town charter was granted on 8 September 1656, one of the few during Oliver Cromwell's 11 years.
Pocklington also lays claim to being the last place in England to hold a witch burning. In 1630 the parish register for that year records Old Wife Green burnt in Market for being a witch.
In 1848 a cache of more than 500 coins from 1500 to 1700 was found on the edge of town.
And 19 years later, the town's most notorious resident Isabella Bilington aged 32 was sentenced to death at York Assizes for crucifying her mother at Pocklington. After the killing she burnt a calf and a cock as a sacrifice. Her husband too was hanged as an accomplice.
William Wilberforce wrote his first public letter against the slave trade while at Pocklington School from 1771–76 and went on to be the driving force behind the abolition of slavery in the early 19th century. This is celebrated by the broken linked chain in the present town coat of arms.
John Wesley, the founder of Methodism, was a frequent visitor to Pocklington in the late 18th century, and is among several notable churchmen, bishops and titular archbishops, born or educated in the town. A Wesleyan Methodist Church survives in use in Pocklington to this day.
Entertainment also earned the town notoriety. The celebrated Flying Man of Pocklington, Thomas Pelling, attempted in 1733 to travel along a rope between the church and the Star Inn in the Market Square. He crashed to his death fracturing his skull against the wall of the church following a misunderstanding with men working the windlass. He is buried where he fell at the east end of the church where a plaque celebrates his memory.
In 1759 a Pocklington brewer called Timothy Overland received a piece of land on the York to Beverley road on the southern fringe of Pocklington and built the Pocklington New Inn. By 1778, the establishment was a prosperous Coach House at the height of the coaching era. The building is still in the same use today as the Pocklington Motel.
By this time the seat of the Lord of the Manor had transferred to Kilnwick Percy Hall. The present house was built in 1784 although there had been a hall there for many centuries. Unfortunately, a large section of it fell into disrepair and was pulled down during the 1940s. The remainder has (belatedly) been classed as a Grade II listed Georgian mansion.
Steady further growth continued during the 19th century which saw much of the town completely rebuilt.
In 1814, an act of parliament was passed for making a navigable canal from East Cottingwith to Street Bridge (about a mile from Pocklington). An early draft of this Parliamentary act was recently discovered in the attic of a Pocklington house. By 1818 the Pocklington Canal linked Pocklington to the River Derwent. It fell into disuse with the decline of Britain's canals but has been continuously resurrected by the Pocklington Canal Amenity Society since 1971 and the old mill house is now classed as a Grade II listed water mill of historic interest: most of the mill mechanism still exists.
In 1821, the entire parish contained 2,163 inhabitants, of which 1,962 were of the township of Pocklington itself.
In 1868, Pocklington's inhabitants are described as being "for the most part employed in agricultural pursuits, and in ropemaking, brickmaking, brewing, and malting. There are besides corn mills, iron foundries, and agricultural implement manufactories which materially contribute to the industrial wealth of the town."
In 1890, extensive repairs and alterations were made to All Saints' Church and, in a foreshadowing of modern interest in "time capsules", a message detailing the work was sealed in a glass bottle along with an 1890 newspaper and buried underneath the plith of the medieval Sotheby Cross. Unearthed accidentally during repairs in 2005, the sealed message and a copy of the 1890 newspaper were re-buried in the same spot, along with a contemporary copy of the Pocklington Post.
The group of five airfields based in and around Pocklington played an active role in the Second World War. Pocklington Airfield was completed in April 1941. The first operational unit to occupy Pocklington was the Canadian No. 405 Squadron with Wellington aircraft, but in 1942 the RAF's 102 (Ceylon) Squadron took over the airfield, flying night sorties to bomb targets in France. They still hold an annual reunion in Pocklington. It was disbanded on 20 October 1954.
During the Second World War a few houses in Pocklington were subject to bombing, after their street was mistaken for the airfield.
Those serving on HMS "Volage" also keep close ties with the town that adopted them during the war, sending letters and parcels. The association with Pocklington continues with a new housing estate being named 'Volage Court' in recognition of the links with HMS "Volage".
Pocklington used to be served by a railway connection but this was closed in the Beeching Report era of the 1960s. Some existing lengths of trackway can be seen behind the old railway station (now used as a bus stop). There has been some talk of bringing the railway line back to Pocklington but there has been substantial development along the original line after the land was sold off and the original route is no longer practical. There are serious doubts also as to the financial feasibility of re-opening the line.
Pocklington experienced a rapid expansion in the final two decades of the 20th century, with large amounts of "green land" being ceded to new housing development to meet the demands of both lower housing occupancy rates (a trend common across the country) and also demand for commuter belt housing for the cities of York and Leeds.
Throughout its long history, Pocklington has faced difficult times like recession, wartime and the closing of the railway, but each time the town has overcome and gone on to develop further.

The Western Australian Institute of Sport (WAIS) is an elite sports institute set up in 1983 by the Government of Western Australia to support athletes in Western Australia. Previously, if elite athletes from Western Australian needed to train or receive coaching at an international level they had to move to one of the Australian Institute of Sport (AIS) campuses which were generally based in the eastern states. The founding director was Wally Foreman who held the position for 17 years until 2001.
The institute is based at the WAIS High Performance Service Centre (next door to HBF Stadium) and has sport programs including athletics, baseball, canoeing, cycling, gymnastics, men and women's hockey, netball, rowing, sailing, softball, swimming and men and women's water polo.

Cross-cultural studies, sometimes called holocultural studies or comparative studies, is a specialization in anthropology and sister sciences (sociology, psychology, economics, political science) that uses field data from many societies to examine the scope of human behavior and test hypotheses about human behavior and culture. Cross-cultural studies is the third form of cross-cultural comparisons. The first is comparison of case studies, the second is controlled comparison among variants of a common derivation, and the third is comparison within a sample of cases. Unlike comparative studies, which examines similar characteristics of a few societies, cross-cultural studies uses a sufficiently large sample so that statistical analysis can be made to show relationships or lack of relationships between the traits in question. These studies are surveys of ethnographic data.

Holiday of the French Community of Belgium ()

Grouse Lodge is a recording studio near Rosemount, County Westmeath, Ireland. Designed by Andy Munro it has two studios and living quarters in nine stone outhouses, integrating the existing 275‑year‑old stone structure. 
It has recorded artists such as Bell X1, McFly ("Motion In The Ocean"), Snow Patrol ("Eyes Open", "A Hundred Million Suns"),Editors ("An End Has A Start"), Bloc Party ("A Weekend in the City"), Laminate, Duman (Duman I and Duman II) Doves, Manic Street Preachers (tracks from their "Lifeblood" and "Send Away The Tigers" albums), Muse ("Absolution") and Royseven ("The Art of Insincerity") and Michael Jackson. R.E.M. used the studio to record their 14th studio album.
 - Winner

East Yi West Xia (Yi Xia Dong Xi Shuo, 夷夏東西說) is an obsolete theory about the origin of prehistory culture in current China which says that the culture of Shang dynasty was established by two ethnic groups; Western part of Shang dynasty was developed by Xia ethnic group, and the eastern part of Shang dynasty was developed by Yi ethnic group.
This theory was suggested by Fu Sinian in 1933. It was further expanded by Liang Siyong who suggested that the newly discovered Yangshao culture was established by the Xia in the west and the Longshan culture by the Yi peoples of the east. For Chinese and Western historians this hypothesis became the prevailing theory to interpret Chinese prehistory and remained so until about 1960.
Further archaeological discoveries made the theory obsolete. In 1950s it became clear that the Yinxu culture was preceded by the Erligang culture in Zhongyuan. In addition, the gap between the Erligang culture and the Longshan culture was joined by the Erlitou culture, which was named after the Erlitou site discovered in 1959. Chinese scholars identify the Erligang and Erlitou cultures as the sites of the Shang and Xia Dynasties respectively although the archaeological boundary between the two dynasties was still debatable. In 1983, the ruin of Yanshi Shang City was discovered and identified as the Erligang culture. The ruin very close to the Erlitou site suggests that the Erlitou and Erligang cultures were dominated by people with different cultural background.
In Shandong, the Shandong Longshan culture was replaced by the Yueshi culture around 2000 B.C. The sites of the Yueshi culture show complementary distribution with those of the Erligang culture which expanded eastward from Zhongyuan. It proved that the Shang people did not originated in the east.
Though largely modified by further research, Fu Sinian's theory entered the history as a landmark in Chinese historiography. It essentially questioned ethnic homogeneity sometimes postulated as the route of Chinese civilization. This contributed to the concept of the dialogical development of cultures.
See for an English language summary of this theory:<br>
Chang Kwang-chih, 'China on the Eve of the Historical Period' in: Loewe, Michael and Edward L. Shaughnessy (eds.), "The Cambridge History of Ancient China. From the Origins of Civilization to 221 B.C.", Cambridge University Press: Cambridge 1999, pp. 55–56, 



First League of the Republika Srpska (Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian "Prva liga Republike Srpske" / Прва лига Републике Српске) is a second level football competition in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Since there were three different football championships in country, organized on ethnic principles, the "First League of the Republika Srpska" was the top flight in Republika Srpska before 2002. However, the champions of this League were not recognized by UEFA. In 2002, the top clubs from Republika Srpska joined Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the First League was kept as one of two second level divisions. It is still run by the Football Association of Republika Srpska, and has ended its boycott of Bosnian football on a federal level.
The league changes from 2014–15 and has been split into two stages, regular season and playoffs. Each of the 12 competitors in the First League hosts every other team once in the regular season, for a total of 22 matches. A playoff phase is then played from April to May. The point system in the championship playoff is the same as during the regular season, except that each team starts with half of the points they won in the regular season, rounded up to the nearest integer. The points gained by rounding are deducted in the case of a tie. Similar systems are also used in the Belgian Pro League and the Polish Ekstraklasa. The top sixth teams from the regular season enter the championship playoff, with the first-placed team winning the First League and teams ranked 7 to 12 after the regular season enter the relegation playoffs. Each team plays their opponents once. The League champion is promoted to the Premier League at the end of the season, and the bottom clubs are relegated to lower leagues. The number of relegated teams depends on how many clubs are entering the league. That will be the winners of 2 third level leagues, the winner of relegation play-off, and Republika Srpska clubs relegated from the Premier League. So, sometimes two clubs will be relegated, and sometimes three or four.
Previous champions and winners of the league are:
Since 2002–03 season, it became a second national level competition. League champion gets direct promotion to the Premier League.

Conocarpus lancifolius, one of two species in the genus "Conocarpus", is a tree in the family Combretaceae native to coastal and riverine areas of Somalia, Djibouti, and Yemen. It is found throughout the Horn of Africa, the Arabian peninsula, and South Asia.
The tree has no common name in English. In Somali, it is called "qalab"; in Arabic, the name is "damas". It is also commonly found in residential compounds in Dubai.
The tree's wood is dense and suitable for charcoal. Goats use the young trees and shoots as fodder, although the leaves contain tannin. Because of its high salt tolerance and relative drought tolerance, the tree is sometimes planted as a pioneer species in reafforestation projects in its native habitat. The tree has a symmetrical growth habit and can easily be shaped into a variety of different forms. It can be shaped into short and tall hedges, and is effective for creating a visual or a noise barrier. With suitable plant spacing it can also be grown as a hardy single-stemmed tree which is good for shade. The tree has been extensively used in Karachi for landscaping along roads and by homeowners as a tall hedging tree for screening purposes. The tree thrives exceptionally well in the hot and dry climate of the city.

Kris Massie (born 30 May 1980 in Sweden) is an Australian rules football coach and former player who played for Carlton and Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL). He also coached the Glenelg Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) from 2011-2013.
Massie was recruited to the Carlton Football Club in the 1997 AFL Draft and won a Rising Star nomination in his first AFL season (1998) after debuting less than two weeks before his 18th birthday. As a utility player, Massie failed to live up to his top 10 draft pick status, however, and only managed 43 games in four seasons at Carlton before being traded.
At Adelaide, Massie held his spot in the side late in the 2002 season, and in 2003 again performed well enough to hold his spot for the finals series. 2004 saw him play the first 11 games, but he only managed one more match for the year, in Round 17.
In 2005, Massie had turned 25 and was now an experienced member of the team. Kept in as a depth player, Massie played much of his football with Norwood in the SANFL and only managed three games for the year, including the Qualifying Final. He returned to regular senior selection in 2006, playing 20 games. He missed the first half of 2007 with injury before coming back for Round 12. 
Massie was delisted by Adelaide at the end of the 2008 season, and signed to play as a contracted player for Norwood in the SANFL in 2009.
In 2010, Massie moved into coaching, taking the role as the under-18s coach at Glenelg, taking the young Bays to the premiership, then becoming Glenelg's reserves coach in 2011. On 20 June 2011, Glenelg head coach Mark Mickan was sacked by the club following poor onfield performances, and Massie was installed as caretaker season coach for the remainder of the 2011 season, and was appointed as senior coach for the 2012 season. His contract was not renewed at the end of 2013, finishing with a career senior coaching record of 17–33 for Glenelg.

The Hoboken Four was a musical quartet formed in 1935, uniting a trio of Italian-American musicians who called themselves The 3 Flashes with aspiring singer Frank Sinatra. The trio had been based in Hoboken, New Jersey, before meeting Sinatra in 1934, after which Sinatra drove them and their instruments to gigs outside the city and occasionally performed with them. Following their winning performance on the "Major Bowes Amateur Hour" on September 8, 1935, the newly-formed quartet embarked on a seven-month tour of the central and western United States and Canada with one of Major Bowes' touring companies. Tensions between the quartet members escalated, however, to the point that Sinatra was regularly beaten by the other members, and he quit the tour halfway through. He returned to Hoboken to pursue a solo career, while the rest of the group disbanded after the tour ended.
The original trio was composed of three Italian Americans who were childhood friends on Sixth Avenue in Hoboken, New Jersey: James (Jimmy Skelly) Petrozelli, Patrick (Patty Prince) Principe, and Fred (Freddie Tamby) Tamburro. They worked as truck drivers and sang and danced as a group. They had a regular weekend set at the Rustic Cabin, a roadhouse located on U.S. Route 9W near Alpine, New Jersey, about from Hoboken.
In 1934, the 19-year-old Frank Sinatra attached himself to the group, offering to drive them and their instruments to gigs outside Hoboken in his sports car. According to Tamburro: "Frank hung around us like we were gods or something. We took him along for one simple reason: Frankie-boy had a car. He used to chauffeur us around". Sinatra also acted as their unofficial manager, "renting the four of them to schools and club bands, with himself as the featured singer for a small additional fee". Sinatra had larger ambitions than being a manager or driver: he wanted to sing on stage, and performing with the 3 Flashes was the break he sought.
In September 1935 the 3 Flashes decided to audition for the "Major Bowes Amateur Hour", a radio show that encouraged listeners to vote for their favorite act either by calling the station or sending a postcard. The act that gained the most votes won the opportunity to go on a road tour with one of Major Bowes' touring companies. Sinatra also decided to audition as a solo singer. While the trio and the singer were accepted separately, Major Bowes felt it wouldn't do to promote two acts from the same town and put them together as a quartet which he renamed the Hoboken Four. According to another version of the story, it was Sinatra's mother, Dolly, who persuaded the trio to accept Sinatra as a permanent member.
Appearing on the September 8, 1935 program, broadcast from the Capitol Theater in New York City, the quartet was introduced by Major Bowes as "singing and dancing fools". When asked to introduce themselves, each of the 3 Flashes cited their places of work, "when they were not out of work". When it was Sinatra's turn, Tamburro joked, "This feller here has never worked at all". Sinatra said, "I'm Frank. We're looking for a job. How about it? Everyone that's ever heard us, likes us. We think we're pretty good".
The group sang "Shine" by the Mills Brothers, and Sinatra performed "Night and Day" by Cole Porter. The group won the contest hands down; it was claimed that over 40,000 calls were received, the biggest response in the program's history. The following month, the group appeared in two short films produced by Major Bowes, "The Nightclub" and "The Big Minstrel Act". In the latter film, the singers wore blackface. The shorts aired at Radio City Music Hall.
The Hoboken Four returned to compete several times on the "Major Bowes Amateur Hour", calling themselves by different names each time, including the Seacaucus Cockamamies, the Bayonne Bacalas, the Jive Four, and the Jolly Jersey Gypsies of Song. They won each contest. During his live performance at the Sands in 1966, Sinatra said that Major Bowes had to change the name to fool other contenders and the audience from realizing it was the same winning group competing against a fresh pack of amateurs. Sinatra often joked about the dozens of names his group was given and how Major Bowes kept rigging the show for them to win.
In the winter of 1935–1936 the Hoboken Four embarked on a seven-month bus and train tour of vaudeville theaters in the central and western United States and Canada with one of Major Bowes' touring companies. Each member received $50 per week, plus meals, which was more money than any of them had ever earned before. They performed 35 shows per week in 39 states. Songs that were added to their repertoire included "The Way You Look Tonight" and "A Fine Romance".
The grind of constant traveling and lodging in substandard accommodations generated tension among the quartet members. At one stop, Sinatra either started giggling on stage or cracked a joke about Tamburro on stage, and Tamburro decked him after the show. Sinatra's talent and self-confidence were evident to everyone in the touring company, as well as his ability to attract female fans, and Tamburro and Petrozelli began taking out their frustrations by beating up Sinatra from time to time. Before the end of 1935, Sinatra had had enough. He quit the tour and returned home to Hoboken.
The original 3 Flashes continued with the tour as the Hoboken Trio, but soon decided to call it quits themselves. Petrozelli and Principe found jobs in Keansburg, New Jersey, while Tamburro went back to being a truck driver with an occasional singing gig.

Islanding is the condition in which a distributed generator (DG) continues to power a location even though electrical grid power is no longer present. Islanding can be dangerous to utility workers, who may not realize that a circuit is still powered, and it may prevent automatic re-connection of devices. Additionally, without strict frequency control the balance between load and generation in the islanded circuit is going to be violated, leading to abnormal frequencies and voltages. For those reasons, distributed generators must detect islanding and immediately disconnect from the circuit; this is referred to as anti-islanding.
A common example of islanding is a distribution feeder that has solar panels attached to it. In the case of a power outage, the solar panels will continue to deliver power as long as irradiance is sufficient. In this case, the circuit detached by the outage becomes an "island". For this reason, solar inverters that are designed to supply power to the grid are generally required to have some sort of automatic anti-islanding circuitry.
Some designs, commonly known as a microgrid, allow for intentional islanding. In case of an outage, microgrid controller disconnects the local circuit from the grid on a dedicated switch and forces the distributed generator(s) to power the entire local load.
Electrical inverters are devices that convert direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC). Grid-interactive inverters have the additional requirement that they produce AC power that matches the existing power presented on the grid. In particular, a grid-interactive inverter must match the voltage, frequency and phase of the power line it connects to. There are numerous technical requirements to the accuracy of this tracking.
Consider the case of a house with an array of solar panels on the roof. Inverter(s) attached to the panels convert the varying DC current provided by the panels into AC power that matches the grid supply. If the grid is disconnected, the voltage on the grid line might be expected to drop to zero, a clear indication of a service interruption. However, consider the case when the house's load exactly matches the output of the panels at the instant of the grid interruption. In this case the panels can continue supplying power, which is used up by the house's load. In this case there is no obvious indication that an interruption has occurred.
Normally, even when the load and production are exactly matched, the so-called "balanced condition", the failure of the grid will result in several additional transient signals being generated. For instance, there will almost always be a brief decrease in line voltage, which will signal a potential fault condition. However, such events can also be caused by normal operation, like the starting of a large electric motor.
Methods that detect islanding without a large number of false positives is the subject of considerable research. Each method has some threshold that needs to be crossed before a condition is considered to be a signal of grid interruption, which leads to a "non-detection zone" (NDZ), the range of conditions where a real grid failure will be filtered out.
Given the activity in the field, and the large variety of methods that have been developed to detect islanding, it is important to consider whether or not the problem actually demands the amount of effort being expended. Generally speaking, the reasons for anti-islanding are given as (in no particular order):
The first issue has been widely dismissed by many in the power industry. Line workers are already constantly exposed to unexpectedly live wires in the course of normal events (i.e. is a house blacked out because it has no power, or because they pulled the main breaker inside?). Normal operating procedures under hot-line rules or dead-line rules require line workers to test for power as a matter of course, and it has been calculated that active islands would add a negligible risk. However, other emergency workers may not have time to do a line check, and these issues have been extensively explored using risk-analysis tools. A UK-based study concluded that "The risk of electric shock associated with islanding of PV systems under worst-case PV penetration scenarios to both network operators and customers is typically <10 per year."
The second possibility is also considered extremely remote. In addition to thresholds that are designed to operate "quickly", islanding detection systems also have absolute thresholds that will trip long before conditions are reached that could cause end-user equipment damage. It is, generally, the last two issues that cause the most concern among utilities. Reclosers are commonly used to divide up the grid into smaller sections that will automatically, and quickly, re-energize the branch as soon as the fault condition (a tree branch on lines for instance) clears. There is some concern that the reclosers may not re-energize in the case of an island, or that the rapid cycling they cause might interfere with the ability of the DG system to match the grid again after the fault clears.
If an islanding issue does exist, it appears to be limited to certain types of generators. A 2004 Canadian report concluded that synchronous generators, installations like microhydro, were the main concern. These systems may have considerable mechanical inertia that will provide a useful signal. For inverter based systems, the report largely dismissed the problem; "Anti-islanding technology for inverter based DG systems is much better developed, and published risk assessments suggest that the current technology and standards provide adequate protection while penetration of DG into the distribution system remains relatively low." The report also noted that "views on the importance 
of this issue tend to be very polarized," with utilities generally considering the possibility of occurrence and its impacts, while those supporting DG systems generally use a risk based approach and the very low probabilities of an island forming.
An example of such an approach, one that strengthens the case that islanding is largely a non-issue, is a major real-world islanding experiment that was carried out in the Netherlands in 1999. Although based on then-current anti-islanding system, typically the most basic voltage jump detection methods, the testing clearly demonstrated that islands could not last longer than 60 seconds. Moreover, the theoretical predictions were true; the chance of a balance condition existing were on the order of 10 a year, and that the chance that the grid would disconnect at that point in time was even less. As an island can only form when both conditions are true, they concluded that the "Probability of encountering an islanding is virtually zero"
Nevertheless, utility companies have continued to use islanding as a reason to delay or refuse the implementation of distributed generation systems. In Ontario, Ontario Hydro recently introduced interconnection guidelines that refused connection if the total distributed generation capacity on a branch was 7% of the maximum yearly peak power. At the same time, California sets a limit of 15% only for review, allowing connections up to 30%, and is actively considering moving the review-only limit to 50%.
The issue can be hotly political. In Ontario a number of potential customers taking advantage of a new Feed-in tariff program were refused connection only after building their systems. This was a problem particularly in rural areas where numerous farmers were able to set up small (10 kWp) systems under the "capacity exempt" microFIT program only to find that Hydro One had implemented a new capacity regulation after the fact, in many cases after the systems had been installed.
Detecting an islanding condition is the subject of considerable research. In general, these can be classified into passive methods, which look for transient events on the grid, and active methods, which probe the grid by sending signals of some sort from the inverter or the grid distribution point. There are also methods that the utility can use to detect the conditions that would cause the inverter-based methods to fail, and deliberately upset those conditions in order to make the inverters switch off. A Sandia Labs Report covers many of these methodologies, both in-use and future developments. These methods are summarized below.
Passive methods include any system that attempts to detect transient changes on the grid, and use that information as the basis as a probabilistic determination of whether or not the grid has failed, or some other condition has resulted in a temporary change.
According to Ohm's law, the voltage in an electrical circuit is a function of electric current (the supply of electrons) and the applied load (resistance). In the case of a grid interruption, the current being supplied by the local source is unlikely to match the load so perfectly as to be able to maintain a constant voltage. A system that periodically samples voltage and looks for sudden changes can be used to detect a fault condition.
Under/over voltage detection is normally trivial to implement in grid-interactive inverters, because the basic function of the inverter is to match the grid conditions, including voltage. That means that all grid-interactive inverters, by necessity, have the circuitry needed to "detect" the changes. All that is needed is an algorithm to detect sudden changes. However, sudden changes in voltage are a common occurrence on the grid as loads are attached and removed, so a threshold must be used to avoid false disconnections.
The range of conditions that result in non-detection with this method may be large, and these systems are generally used along with other detection systems.
The frequency of the power being delivered to the grid is a function of the supply, one that the inverters carefully match. When the grid source is lost, the frequency of the power would fall to the natural resonant frequency of the circuits in the island. Looking for changes in this frequency, like voltage, is easy to implement using already required functionality, and for this reason almost all inverters also look for fault conditions using this method as well.
Unlike changes in voltage, it is generally considered highly unlikely that a random circuit would naturally have a natural frequency the same as the grid power. However, many devices deliberately synchronize to the grid frequency, like televisions. Motors, in particular, may be able to provide a signal that is within the NDZ for some time as they "wind down". The combination of voltage and frequency shifts still results in a NDZ that is not considered adequate by all.
In order to decrease the time in which an island is detected, rate of change of frequency has been adopted as a detection method. The rate of change of frequency is given by the following expression:
formula_1
where formula_2 is the system frequency, formula_3 is the time, formula_4 is the power imbalance (formula_5), formula_6 is the system capacity, and formula_7 is the system inertia.
Should the rate of change of frequency, or ROCOF value, be greater than a certain value, the embedded generation will be disconnected from the network.
Loads generally have power factors that are not perfect, meaning that they do not accept the voltage from the grid perfectly, but impede it slightly. Grid-tie inverters, by definition, have power factors of 1. This can lead to changes in phase when the grid fails, which can be used to detect islanding.
Inverters generally track the phase of the grid signal using a phase locked loop (PLL) of some sort. The PLL stays in sync with the grid signal by tracking when the signal crosses zero volts. Between those events, the system is essentially "drawing" a sine-shaped output, varying the current output to the circuit to produce the proper voltage waveform. When the grid disconnects, the power factor suddenly changes from the grid's (1) to the load's (~1). As the circuit is still providing a current that would produce a smooth voltage output given the known loads, this condition will result in a sudden change in voltage. By the time the waveform is completed and returns to zero, the signal will be out of phase.
The main advantage to this approach is that the shift in phase will occur even if the load exactly matches the supply in terms of Ohm's law - the NDZ is based on power factors of the island, which are very rarely 1. The downside is that many common events, like motors starting, also cause phase jumps as new impedances are added to the circuit. This forces the system to use relatively large thresholds, reducing its effectiveness.
Even with noisy sources, like motors, the total harmonic distortion (THD) of a grid-connected circuit is generally unmeasurable due to the essentially infinite capacity of the grid that filters these events out. Inverters, on the other hand, generally have much larger distortions, as much as 5% THD. This is a function of their construction; some THD is a natural side-effect of the switched-mode power supply circuits most inverters are based on.
Thus, when the grid disconnects, the THD of the local circuit will naturally increase to that of the inverters themselves. This provides a very secure method of detecting islanding, because there are generally no other sources of THD that would match that of the inverter. Additionally, interactions within the inverters themselves, notably the transformers, have non-linear effects that produce unique 2nd and 3rd harmonics that are easily measurable.
The drawback of this approach is that some loads may filter out the distortion, in the same way that the inverter attempts to. If this filtering effect is strong enough, it may reduce the THD below the threshold needed to trigger detection. Systems without a transformer on the "inside" of the disconnect point will make detection more difficult. However, the largest problem is that modern inverters attempt to lower the THD as much as possible, in some cases to unmeasurable limits.
Active methods generally attempt to detect a grid failure by injecting small signals into the line, and then detecting whether or not the signal changes.
This method is an active islanding detection method which can be used by three-phase electronically coupled distributed generation (DG) units. The method is based on injecting a negative-sequence current through the voltage-sourced converter (VSC) controller and detecting and quantifying the corresponding negative-sequence voltage at the point of common coupling (PCC) of the VSC by means of a unified three-phase signal processor (UTSP). The UTSP system is an enhanced phase-locked loop (PLL) which provides a high degree of immunity to noise, and thus enables islanding detection based on injecting a small negative-sequence current. The negative-sequence current is injected by a negative-sequence controller which is adopted as the complementary of the conventional VSC current controller. The negative-sequence current injection method detects an islanding event within 60 ms (3.5 cycles) under UL1741 test conditions, requires 2% to 3% negative-sequence current injection for islanding detection, can correctly detect an islanding event for the grid short circuit ratio of 2 or higher, and is insensitive to variations of the load parameters of UL1741 test system. 
Impedance Measurement attempts to measure the overall impedance of the circuit being fed by the inverter. It does this by slightly "forcing" the current amplitude through the AC cycle, presenting too much current at a given time. Normally this would have no effect on the measured voltage, as the grid is an effectively infinitely stiff voltage source. In the event of a disconnection, even the small forcing would result in a noticeable change in voltage, allowing detection of the island.
The main advantage of this method is that it has a vanishingly small NDZ for any given single inverter. However, the inverse is also the main weakness of this method; in the case of multiple inverters, each one would be forcing a slightly different signal into the line, hiding the effects on any one inverter. It is possible to address this problem by communication between the inverters to ensure they all force on the same schedule, but in a non-homogeneous install (multiple installations on a single branch) this becomes difficult or impossible in practice. Additionally, the method only works if the grid is effectively infinite, and in practice many real-world grid connections do not sufficiently meet this criterion.
Although the methodology is similar to Impedance Measurement, this method, also known as "harmonic amplitude jump", is actually closer to Harmonics Detection. In this case, the inverter deliberately introduces harmonics at a given frequency, and as in the case of Impedance Measurement, expects the signal from the grid to overwhelm it until the grid fails. Like Harmonics Detection, the signal may be filtered out by real-world circuits.
This is one of the newest methods of islanding detection, and in theory, one of the best. It is based on forcing the phase of the inverter's output to be slightly mis-aligned with the grid, with the expectation that the grid will overwhelm this signal. The system relies on the actions of a finely tuned phase-locked loop to become unstable when the grid signal is missing; in this case, the PLL attempts to adjust the signal back to itself, which is tuned to continue to drift. In the case of grid failure, the system will quickly drift away from the design frequency, eventually causing the inverter to shut down.
The major advantage of this approach is that it can be implemented using circuitry that is already present in the inverter. The main disadvantage is that it requires the inverter to always be slightly out of time with the grid, a lowered power factor. Generally speaking, the system has a vanishingly small NDZ and will quickly disconnect, but it is known that there are some loads that will react to offset the detection.
Frequency bias forces a slightly off-frequency signal into the grid, but "fixes" this at the end of every cycle by jumping back into phase when the voltage passes zero. This creates a signal similar to Slip Mode, but the power factor remains closer to that of the grid's, and resets itself every cycle. Moreover, the signal is less likely to be filtered out by known loads. The main disadvantage is that every inverter would have to agree to shift the signal back to zero at the same point on the cycle, say as the voltage crosses back to zero, otherwise different inverters will force the signal in different directions and filter it out.
There are numerous possible variations to this basic scheme. The Frequency Jump version, also known as the "zebra method", inserts forcing only on a specific number of cycles in a set pattern. This dramatically reduces the chance that external circuits may filter the signal out. This advantage disappears with multiple inverters, unless some way of synchronizing the patterns is used.
The utility also has a variety of methods available to it to force systems offline in the event of a failure.
Most small generator connections require a mechanical disconnect switch, so at a minimum the utility could send a repairman to pull them all. For very large sources, one might simply install a dedicated telephone hotline that can be used to have an operator manually shut down the generator. In either case, the reaction time is likely to be on the order of minutes, or hours.
Manual disconnection could be automated through the use of signals sent though the grid, or on secondary means. For instance, power line carrier communications could be installed in all inverters, periodically checking for signals from the utility and disconnecting either on command, or if the signal disappears for a fixed time. Such a system would be highly reliable, but expensive to implement.
As the utility can be reasonably assured that they will always have a method for discovering a fault, whether that be automated or simply looking at the recloser, it is possible for the utility to use this information and transmit it down the line. This can be used to force the tripping of properly equipped DG systems by deliberately opening a series of recloser in the grid to force the DG system to be isolated in a way that forces it out of the NDZ. This method can be guaranteed to work, but requires the grid to be equipped with automated recloser systems, and external communications systems that guarantee the signal will make it through to the reclosers.
A related concept is to deliberately force a section of the grid into a condition that will guarantee the DG systems will disconnect. This is similar to the transfer-trip method, but uses active systems at the head-end of the utility, as opposed to relying on the topology of the network.
A simple example is a large bank of capacitors that are added to a branch, left charged up and normally disconnected by a switch. In the event of a failure, the capacitors are switched into the branch by the utility after a short delay. This can be easily accomplished through automatic means at the point of distribution. The capacitors can only supply current for a brief period, ensuring that the start or end of the pulse they deliver will cause enough of a change to trip the inverters.
There appears to be no NDZ for this method of anti-islanding. Its main disadvantage is cost; the capacitor bank has to be large enough to cause changes in voltage that will be detected, and this is a function of the amount of load on the branch. In theory, very large banks would be needed, an expense the utility is unlikely to look on favourably.
Anti-islanding protection can be improved through the use of the Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems already widely used in the utility market. For instance, an alarm could sound if the SCADA system detects voltage on a line where a failure is known to be in progress. This does not affect the anti-islanding systems, but may allow any of the systems noted above to be quickly implemented.
Distributed Resource Unit, IEEE Trans. on Power Electronics, VOL. 23, NO. 1, JANUARY 2008.


Oostmalle is a village which is located in the Belgian province of Antwerp. The village itself is part of the municipality of Malle.
Oostmalle was an independent municipality until 1976. It has a surface area of 28.27 km² and in 2004 had 6,510 inhabitants. 
See history of Malle.
The most important curiosity of Oostmalle is the Renesse Castle. The Chapel of Our Lady of Perpetual Help (Dutch: Onze-Lieve-Vrouw van Bijstand) at the Herentalsebaan, was built by Leonard Pierre Joseph du Bus de Gisignies in 1837. In 1930 a Lourdes cave was added to the chapel (inaugurated on 7 May 1933), and in 1934 a Stations of the Cross was added in remembrance of King Albert I of Belgium (sculptor was Simon Goossens). The "Chapel of Saint Anthony" (Dutch: Sint-Antoniuskapel) in the hamlet Salphen dates from 1626.
Oostmalle Airfield is located south on the territory of Oostmalle, close to the hamlet of Salphen, and the forest of Blommerschot. This airfield is currently used for recreational purposes (Gliding). There was some talk of using this airfield as an alternative for the Airport in Deurne should it have to close.
Each year the international Sluitingsprijs Oostmalle is organised in Oostmalle, which is part of the Cyclo-cross Gazet van Antwerpen. It marks the end of the Cyclo-cross season.
On Sunday 25 June 1967 at 4:17 pm Oostmalle was hit by a tornado which destroyed the church and the centre of the village. Of the church, only the tower was rebuilt in its original state. More than half of the 900 houses in the village were damaged, 135 houses were completely destroyed.

Peter, the Lord's cat (1950 – 5 November 1964), also known as The Marylebone mog, was a cat who lived at Lord's Cricket Ground in London from 1952 to 1964. He is the only animal to be given an obituary in the standard cricket reference book, "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack".
The obituary appeared in the 1965 edition of Wisden, under the name "CAT, PETER". It described him as "a well-known cricket-watcher" who "could often be seen prowling on the field of play"; he "loved publicity" and "frequently appeared on the television". Despite this, it seems that no photographs of him are known, although his successor, Sinbad, was snapped during a Southern Schools v The Rest match in 1963.
Peter is mentioned in the title of a 2006 anthology of Wisden obituaries, "Peter, the Lord's Cat: And Other Unexpected Obituaries from Wisden".

Rolf de Maré (9 May 1888 – 28 April 1964), sometimes called Rolf de Mare, was a Swedish art collector and leader of the Ballets Suédois in Paris in 1920–25. In 1933 he founded the world's first museum for dance in Paris.
Rolf de Maré was born in Stockholm in 1888 as the son of diplomat Henrik de Maré and sculptor Ellen Roosval von Hallwyl. In 1913 he made friends with post-impressionist painter Nils von Dardel who was not particularly well off, but imaginative and talented, while de Maré was enthusiastic and had money. Together they were a very fruitful duo and in 1920 they created Ballets Suédois at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées in Paris. In the autumn of 1924 Giorgio de Chirico curated the scenography and costumes for Pirandello's La Giara.
In 1933, de Maré founded Les Archives internationales de la Danse (AID) in Paris — the world's first museum and research institute for dance. The Archive became a famous centre for studies in dance and visitors came from all over the world to see exhibitions or to study in its vast library. The dance center also published its own magazine and books, arranged lecture demonstrations in the building which de Maré had constructed for his dance centre.
After the World War the archives had grown too large for a private person to maintain, de Maré closed his business in Paris and donated parts of the collections — some 6,000 books, engravings and other items, all concerned mainly with Western dance — to the French government which placed them at the museum and library of the Paris Opera. However, the museum declined to accept two substantial elements of de Maré's collection: firstly, material from the Ballets Suédois, and secondly, the fruits of his expedition of exploration to Indonesia in 1936 — the first to have been undertaken with the purpose of documenting dance.
Therefore, the collection from the Swedish Ballet in Paris and the non-European collections were brought by de Maré to Stockholm to form the Dance Museum, which he opened in 1953 in the basement of the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm. On his death he made the Dance Museum the sole heir to his fortune, and this enabled the museum to make further acquisitions.
After dissolving the Ballets Suedois in 1925, de Maré made no attempt to revive its works. The various, concrete collectibles de Maré amassed and that exist today as the bedrock of Stockholm's Dance Museum, illuminate our picture of him as archivist and art collector, all the while they question his role as a "connoisseur" of a theater based on the art of dancing. Throughout his life, Rolf de Maré was also a distinguished art collector. In the early 1960s, he made an important donation of modernist art to the Moderna Museet. Rolf de Maré died of a stroke in Barcelona in 1964.

Andrew Rankin Cowie McLellan CBE is a minister in the Church of Scotland. He was Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons for Scotland from 2002 to 2009.
He was educated at Kilmarnock Academy, Madras College (St Andrews), the University of St Andrews, the University of Glasgow and Union Theological Seminary, New York City, USA.
He was Assistant Minister at St George's West Church, Edinburgh, 1969-1971. Thereafter, he was Minister at Cartsburn Augustine Church, Greenock (1971–1980) (and was also an elected member of Inverclyde District Council 1977-1980), Viewfield Parish Church, Stirling (1980–1986) and St Andrew's and St George's Church, Edinburgh (1986–2002). He was Convener of the Church of Scotland's Church and Nation Committee 1992-1996 its Parish Development Fund 2002 - 2006, and its World Mission Council 2010-2014; and Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 2000. He was Chaplain of the Boys' Brigade (UK and ROI) 2013- 2016. He is also author of two books.
He is married to Irene and has twin sons Andi and Ian. He now lives in Dunfermline. His formal title (following the end of his Moderatorial year) is the Very Reverend Dr Andrew McLellan.
McLellan was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours.
He was the chairman of what became known as the McLellan Commission into a range of safeguarding initiatives for the Scottish Catholic Church(2013-2015). This commission was announced by Scotland's Catholic Bishops, known as the Bishops' Conference of Scotland, in November 2013; it published its report, the McLellan Report, on 18 August 2015. The commission investigated child sex abuse by Scotland's priests, acknowledging in section 2.1 of the Report that "There is no doubt that abuse of the most serious kind has taken place within the Catholic Church in Scotland", and the Church's responses. Kevin McKenna said in "The Observer" that the Report was "a whitewash ... So soft and fluffy ... that it should have been delivered with a big pink ribbon tied around it and pictures of Walt Disney characters on its cover". Catherine Deveney had been more supportive, writing in the same newspaper "McLellan had promised a report that was neither timid nor deferential. He delivered it", but adding that repentance and action were now needed, and that the Church's apology would ring hollow until its public words matched their private actions. Catholic weekly "The Tablet" said the Report was "a masterpiece of its kind that deserves to be studied", and "a vote of no confidence in the Scottish bishops' safeguarding procedures".
In 2017 McLellan was appointed chair of the Scottish Prison Visitor Centre Steering Group.

Advertisement for island reggae Greats on the inner sleeve of LP Strictly For Rockers


Delhi College of Arts and Commerce also known as (DCAC) is a prestigious instituition of the University of Delhi situated in Netaji Nagar,South Campus.DCAC ranked Top 20(11th) in an "all India basis" by "India Today - AC Nielsen - Org Marg Survey of Colleges" published in "India Today" (May 2017 issue). The Delhi College of Arts & Commerce was the pioneer college to introduce a three-year Honours programme in Journalism in July–August 1989. the reason behind the introduction of this course was that, in the modern world, press and media are important organs of a democratic and free society. Journalism is meant to establish and open communication of information and material available for the benefit of society. The accelerated face of media growth and development has enhanced the need for qualified professionals in the country.
The syllabus of the course is designed to equip the students with an intellectual and inter-disciplinary approach essential for the profession. The course aims to strike a balance between the theoretical approach to the field and close interaction with emitnent journalists to enable them to create a foyer in the market of contention.
The curriculum emphasized not only the skills of news writing, reporting and editing but also provides a broad view of the contemporary national and international scenario as well. The learning process also includes festivals, seminars, workshops and conferences on media issues and events to acclimatize the students with the recent trends and dynamics
.Another unique facet is the Rhapsody a quarterly magazine an initiative of the students. Apart from this, students publish a series of in-house tabloids The DCAC post, The DCAC inquirer which are an annual amalgamation of current affairs and campus issues.It is our objective at DCAC to churn out students with an ambition to create a niche for themselves.
To achieve this goal we have the support of the faculty and distinguished experts from the media industry.The Alumni of this college are rising stars in the media world.
In addition, the college provides vocational education.
DCAC was the first college of Delhi University to introduce the journalism course. DCAC has been ranked among the Top 20 colleges on an "all India basis" by "India Today - AC Nielsen - Org Marg Survey of Colleges" published in "India Today" (May 2017 issue).
The College has an auditorium that is always abuzz with activities. The auditorium plays host to inter college as well as intra college competitions, events, guest lectures, seminars, farewell and fresher celebrations.
The college library is housed on the second floor, above the classrooms. It strives to serve the needs of the faculty and the students. Besides a special section of books dedicated to journalism students, there is also a reading room with all the latest must-reads. The library is fully automated. Students are maintained. As per May 2007 the library has a collection of over 50,000 Books. National dailies and magazines are also available for reading.
The Computer Lab houses about 70 Computers with internet facility round the clock. The lab operates during the college timings and helps students to design brochures, newspapers, magazines, posters etc. especially during festivals. The lab is always available for such use.
Two separate computer labs in the college which are already equipped with ICT. In addition to this a separate computer lab has been set up for the faculty members. Further to this an IT enabled centre has also been established for the use of faculty and students for interactive lecture
The college has an conditioned conference hall which consists of a long conference table with seating arrangement for above 60 students. This hall often plays host to guest lectures by eminent media persons. Mock Press Conferences by the students are also held here, frequent documentary and film screening is also carried
The College canteen is open for students and staff during the college timings. Students spend their free time in between lectures in the canteen. Seating arrangement is also provided outside the canteen. Healthy and delicious food items are provided.
A common room for girls is provided for the benefit of the female students of the college. This room is connected to the stage in the auditorium and functions as a backstage for girls during functions.
A special room is dedicated for the benefit of N.C.C cadets, from where they can avail of sports and other equipment. Records of cadets etc. are maintained and kept in the N.C.C Room.

Odontamblyopus rebecca is a species of eel goby native to marine and brackish waters of Vietnam. This species can reach a length of SL. This species is mostly known from several specimens collected from a fish market in Haiphong, Vietnam.

Ariel Wizman (born 19 May 1962) is a French musician, DJ, journalist and actor born in Casablanca, Morocco.
His family, as many Sephardic Jews families, left Morocco after the Six-Day War and settled in France. In Paris, Wizman met the philosopher Emmanuel Lévinas and thanks to him, he attended the École Normale Israélite Orientale. At a gypsy party, he met Édouard Baer and they co-presented a radio show on Radio Nova.
Wizman has worked for Actuel, Vogue Homme and 20 Ans, and produced several programs for France Culture. In 1995, he was chief director of ">Interactif" and is currently a DJ.
Wizman has also appeared as a writer in "Nulle part ailleurs". From September 2003 to June 2005, with Stéphane Bern, he presented "Tentations.06" on Canal+.
He is half of the electronic music duo Grand Popo Football Club along with Nicolas Errèra, with an album, "Shampoo Victims", released in 2000, and a second, "Venom in the grass", due for release in February 2010. As for his album "Sampoo Victim", the single "Les hommes c'est pas des mecs biens" remains a brutally shameless and uncredited copy/paste of Firefly's 1981 disco tune "Love (Is Gonna Be On Your Side)".
Wizman controversially became the voice of a French Ministry of Industry campaign against internet music piracy in 2004, although he later claimed that he was misled into taking part.
In 2009, special editions of "Nickel" "Morning After Rescue-Gel" were produced, featuring designs showing Wizman or his initials.

The source is David Levine's website www.travelbrochuregraphics.com

Czarny Staw pod Rysami (Black Lake below Mount Rysy) is a mountain lake on the Polish side of Mount Rysy in the Tatra mountains. At 1,583 m above sea level, it overlooks the nearby lake of Morskie Oko. Its maximum depth is 76 m. A walking path circumnavigates the lake, and leads up to Mount Rysy, or down to Morskie Oko.
To get to Czarny Staw from Morskie Oko you must follow the red trail on the Eastern side of Morskie Oko. Once you have reached about half-way you will see a signpost that has directions on how to get to Czarny Staw. After crossing the rocky inclined path, you will arrive at Czarny Staw. The trip takes about 50 mins going up from Morskie Oko and 40 mins going back down.

The Shire of Pingelly is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about southeast of the state capital, Perth, between the Shires of Brookton and Cuballing along the Great Southern Highway. The Shire covers an area of , and its seat of government is the town of Pingelly.
On 24 December 1891, the Morambine Road District was created. On 21 February 1913, it was renamed Pingelly. On 1 July 1961, it became a Shire following enactment of the "Local Government Act 1960".
From 20 October 2007, Pingelly is no longer divided into wards, and its 8 councillors represent the entire shire.
The ward systems created under successive divisions were as follows:

The Heart of the Matter is a 1953 British film based on the 1948 book of the same name by Graham Greene. It was directed by George More O'Ferrall for London Films. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
Trevor Howard plays Scobie, a senior policeman in Sierra Leone. He is unhappily married to Louise, played by Elizabeth Allan. While she is away, he begins a love affair with Helen, played by Maria Schell. However, Scobie's Catholic faith leaves him tormented with guilt. The film also features Denholm Elliott, Peter Finch, Gérard Oury, George Coulouris and Michael Hordern.
It contains no original score, but instead features indigenous music from Sierra Leone in West Africa, where location filming took place. The interiors were filmed at Shepperton Studios in London. The black and white cinematography was by Jack Hildyard.
Scobie, Deputy Commissioner of the Sierra Leone Police in Freetown during the Second World War, is unhappily married to fellow-Catholic Louise and both mourn their only daughter. Despite his having been a police officer in the country for 15 years when the Police Commissioner is sent away Scobie is not chosen to select him, rather a younger man is being sent out from England.
On a search of a visiting Portuguese ship, the neutral vessel "Esperança", he finds an envelope addressed to Germany. When he confiscates it, the captain begs him to do nothing because the letter is to his daughter. Feeling pity, Scobie burns it. His wife keeps begging him to let her go to South Africa but they cannot afford the fare. Eventually he accepts a loan from Yusef, a suspected smuggler, to send her away by sea.
Called up country because a local District Commissioner is in trouble, he finds the man has committed suicide because of his debts to smugglers. While he is there, survivors of a ship torpedoed by the Germans are brought ashore by the Vichy police of neighbouring French Guinea. One he notices is Helen, a very young widow who reminds him of his dead daughter. Back in Freetown he finds she has been given a hut near his house and after he pays her a visit the two start an affair. When he learns that Louise is coming back on the next voyage of the "Esperança", he writes Helen a note. It never reaches her, because it is intercepted by a servant in Yusef's pay.
Yusef then tells Scobie that he must give a packet of contraband diamonds to the captain of the Esperança or face ruin. Complying, he returns home with Louise and at a party to welcome her Helen appears, unaware that Scobie is unable to continue their affair. Louise then forces Scobie to attend mass and take communion, which damns him because he had not confessed his sins of adultery and corruption. Unable to keep the woman he loves and liable to lose his job at any moment, he commits the final unforgivable sin of suicide by single-handedly tackling gangsters at night.
The main difference between the film and the book is in the ending, which is almost equally bleak, but reversed from Greene's original story. In the book, Scobie's servant is killed (apparently an act of revenge by Yusef, here played by Gérard Oury). Scobie commits suicide. In the film, Scobie "intends" to kill himself, but is interrupted by a fight breaking out. He intervenes and is shot. The servant (John Akar) does not die, but instead Scobie dies in his servant's arms.





Tintaldra is a town in northeast Victoria, Australia in the Shire of Towong local government area and on the upper reaches of the Murray River, northeast of the state capital, Melbourne and east of the regional centre of Wodonga. At the , Tintaldra and the surrounding area had a population of 203.
European settlement began in the Tintaldra in 1837 with the arrival of squatters looking for fresh grass and water for cattle. The town began to form around 1854 as unlucky prospectors began to look for land to farm, though of insufficient size to justify a Post Office until 1 January 1867.
Its location as a crossing point over the Murray River and its associated customs house led to a boom period in the late 19th century. Federation and the development of other river crossings into New South Wales led to a slow decline. Soldier settlers moved to the area after World War I. Much of Tintaldra was burnt to the ground in the Black Friday bushfires of 13 January 1939.
Tintaldra's economy is based around agriculture and tourism. The Tintaldra store, constructed in 1864 with rough hewn River Red Gum beams and rafters and walls made from vertical slats of Stringybark timber, is still standing today. Nearby Burrowa-Pine Mountain National Park is a popular place for bushwalking and camping.
The town had an Australian rules football team involved with the Upper Murray Football League. Tintaldra first played from 1912-1913. After this first unsuccessful run they rejoined in 1951. The club expanded in 1963 to include Khancoban, NSW and was renamed Tintaldra-Khancoban United FC. The club officially went into recess at the end of the 1967 season.


This Year's Love is a 1999 film set in and around Camden Town in London. It was written and directed by David Kane.

Wendy L. Brown (born November 28, 1955) is an American political theorist. She is Class of 1936 First Professor of Political Science and a core faculty member in The Program for Critical Theory at the University of California, Berkeley. 
Wendy Brown received her BA in both Economics and Political Science from UC Santa Cruz, and her M.A and Ph.D in political philosophy from Princeton University. Before she took a position at UC Berkeley in 1999, Brown taught at Williams College and UC Santa Cruz. At Berkeley, beyond her primary teaching roles in Political Theory and Critical Theory, Brown is also an affiliated faculty member of the Department of Rhetoric, the Jurisprudence and Social Policy Program, the Designated Emphasis in Women, Gender and Sexuality, and the Designated Emphasis in Early Modern Studies.
Brown lectures around the world and has held numerous visiting and honorary positions, including at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, the Institute for Human Sciences in Vienna, the Goethe University in Frankfurt, the UC Humanities Research Institute in Irvine, the Institute for the Humanities Critical Theory Summer School at Birkbeck, University of London (2012, 2015), a Senior Invited Fellow of the Center for Humanities at Cornell University (2013), a Visiting Professor at Columbia University (2014), a Phi Beta Kappa Visiting Lecturer (2014), a Visiting Professor of Law and Government at Cornell University (2015), the Shimizu Visiting Professor of Law at the London School of Economics (2015), and a Visiting Professor at the European Graduate School (2016).
Brown's work has been translated into more than twenty languages and has received many awards. Brown served as Council Member of the American Political Science Association (2007–09) and as Chair of the UC Humanities Research Institute Board of Governors (2009–11). In 2012, her book Walled States, Waning Sovereignty won the David Eastman Award. Brown received the 2016 Distinguished Teaching Award, UC Berkeley’s most prestigious honor for teaching. She received a UC Presidents Humanities Research Fellowship (2017–18) and is currently a Guggenheim Fellow (2017–18).
Brown's thinking on the decline of sovereignty and the hollowing out of democracy has found popular and journalistic audiences, with discussions of her arguments appearing in The Guardian and New York Times' articles. Brown has appeared in documentary films including "The Value of the Humanities" (2014) and "What is Democracy?" (directed by Astra Taylor, 2017). Brown delivered the fourth "Democracy Lecture" – following Thomas Piketty (2014), Naomi Klein (2015) and Paul Mason (2016) – in the Haus der Kulturen der Welt in Berlin. She was a plenary speaker at the 2017 European Sociological Association conference in Athens, Greece.
Together with Michel Feher, Brown is co-editor of the Zone Books' series Near Futures and its digital supplement Near Futures Online.
Brown has established new paradigms in critical legal studies and feminist theory. She has produced a body of work drawing from Marx's critique of capitalism and its relation to religion and secularism, Nietzsche's usefulness for thinking about power and the ruses of morality, Max Weber on the modern organization of power, Freudian psychoanalysis and its implications for political identification, Foucault's work on governmentality and neoliberalism, as well as other contemporary continental philosophers. Bringing these resources together with her own thinking on a range of topics, Brown's work aims to diagnose modern and contemporary formations of political power, and to discern the threats to democracy entailed by such formations.
In this work Brown asks how a sense of woundedness can become the basis for individual and collective forms of identity. From outlawing hate speech to banning pornography, Brown argues, well-intentioned attempts at protection can legitimize the state while harming subjects by codifying their identities as helpless or in need of continuous governmental regulation. While breaking ground in political theory, this work also represents one of Brown's key interventions in feminist and queer theory. The book offers a novel account of legal and political power as constitutive of norms of sexuality and gender. Through the concept of "wounded attachments", Brown contends that psychic injury may accompany and sustain racial, ethnic, and gender categories, particularly in relation to state law and discursive formations. In this and other works Brown has criticized representatives of second wave feminism, such as Catharine MacKinnon, for reinscribing the category of "woman" as an essentialized identity premised on injury.
This work consists of seven articles responding to particular occasions, each of which “mimic, in certain ways, the experience of the political realm: one is challenged to think here, now, about a problem that is set and framed by someone else, and to do so before a particular audience or in dialogue with others not of one’s own choosing.”
Each individual essay begins with a specific problem: what is the relationship between love, loyalty, and dissent in contemporary American political life?; how did neoliberal rationality become a form of governmentality?; what are the main problems of women’s studies programs?; and so on. According to Brown, the essays do not aim to definitively answer the given questions but “to critically interrogate the framing and naming practices, challenge the dogmas (including those of the Left and of feminism), and discern the constitutive powers shaping the problem at hand.”
In this book, Brown subverts the usual and widely accepted notion that tolerance is one of the most remarkable achievements of Western modernity. She suggests that tolerance (or toleration) cannot be perceived as the complete opposite to violence. At times, it can also be used to justify violence. Brown argues that tolerance primarily operates as a discourse of subject construction and a mode of governmentality that addresses or confirms asymmetric relations between different groups, each of which must then "tolerate" other groups and categories or "be tolerated" by the dominant groups and categories.
To substantiate her thesis, Brown examines the tolerance discourse of figures like George W. Bush, Jimmy Carter, Samuel Huntington, Susan Okin, Michael Ignatieff, Bernard Lewis, and Seyla Benhabib and argues that “tolerance as a political practice is always conferred by the dominant, it is always a certain expression of domination even as it offers protection or incorporation to the less powerful.” Among those influenced by Brown's thinking on this subject are Joan Wallach Scott and Slavoj Žižek, whose respective works "The Politics of the Veil" (2007) and "Violence: Six Sideways Reflections" (2007) draw heavily on Brown's account of tolerance discourse.
In a debate with Rainer Forst at the ICI in Berlin Brown addressed this problematic again, later published as a co-authored book, The Power of Tolerance (2014). Here Brown argues against primarily moral or normative approaches to power and discourse, and warns against the dangers of uncritically celebrating the liberal ideal of tolerance, as frequently happens in Western notions of historical, civilizational or moral progress.
This book examines the revival of wall-building under shifting conditions of global capitalism. Brown not only problematizes the assumed functions of walls, such as the prevention of crime, migration, smuggling, and so on. She also argues that walling has taken on new a significance due to its symbolic function in an increasingly globalized and precarious world of financial capital. As individual identity as well as nation-state sovereignty are threatened, walls become objects invested with individual and collective desire. Anxious efforts to shore up national identity are thus projected onto borders as well as new material structures that would appear to secure them. The book was reprinted with a new preface by the author following the 2016 election of Donald Trump.
Brown’s study begins by engaging and revising key arguments in Michel Foucault's "The Birth of Biopolitics" with the aim of analyzing different ways that democracy is being hollowed out by neoliberal rationality. She describes neoliberalism as a thoroughgoing attack on the most foundational ideas and practices of democracy. The individual chapters of the book examine the effects of neoliberalization on higher education, law, governance, the basic principles of liberal democratic institutions, as well as radical democratic imaginaries.
Brown treats “neoliberalism as a governing rationality through which everything is 'economized' and in a very specific way: human beings become market actors and nothing but, every field of activity is seen as a market, and every entity (whether public or private, whether person, business, or state) is governed as a firm." To address such threats, Brown argues, democracy must be reinvigorated not only as an object of theoretical inquiry but also as a site of political struggle.
A prominent public intellectual in the United States, Brown has written and spoken about issues of free speech, public education, political protest, LGBTQ issues, sexual assault, Donald Trump, conservatism, neoliberalism, and other matters of national and international concern.
For decades, Brown has been active in efforts to resist measures toward the privatization of the University of California system. In her capacity as co-chair of the Berkeley Faculty Association, she raised awareness, organized marches, and spoke publicly about the privatization of public education. She has been critical of the university's decision to cut costs by utilizing lecturers rather than hiring tenure and tenure track professors. Relatedly, she has voiced concern over the perils of the UC's proposed online education programs.
Brown has criticized university administration for their response to sexual assault. “I think many faculty feel there are repeat harassers on our faculty who are never charged ... Graduate students gave up on careers, and these perpetrators were allowed to continue, and that was wrong — never should have happened,” she said.
At the "99 Mile March" to Sacramento she addressed her criticism to more general trends: “We are marching to draw attention to the plight of public education in California and to implore Californians to re-invest in it. For all its resources, innovation and wealth, California has sunk to nearly the bottom of the nation in per student spending, and our public higher education system, once the envy of the world, is in real peril.” Brown supported Occupy Wall Street as part of the UC faculty council, claiming that "We understand this to be part of what (the movement) stands for. We are delighted by the protests and consider our campaign to be at one with it."
Brown is a native of California and lives in Berkeley with her partner Judith Butler and son.

Pietro Rava (21 January 1916 – 5 November 2006) was an Italian football defender and coach, who played as a full-back. He won the 1936 Summer Olympics and the 1938 FIFA World Cup with the Italian national team.
Rava, born in Cassine, Province of Alessandria, played for the clubs U.S. Alessandria (1928–35, 1946–47), Juventus F.C. (1935–46 and 1947–50) and Novara Calcio (1950–51). He won two Italian Cups in the 1937–38 and 1941–42 seasons, and two "scudetti" in the 1934–35 and 1949–50 seasons. He was Juventus's captain from 1947 to 1950. In total, he played in 352 Serie A matches (including 303 for Juventus), scoring 15 goals.
Rava appeared in 30 international matches with the Italian national team between 1936 and 1946, losing only one game, and becoming the Italy captain in 1940. He won the gold medal at the 1936 Summer Olympics, and won the 1938 FIFA World Cup. He was selected to the "Best XI" of the 1938 World Cup. Along with Alfredo Foni, Sergio Bertoni, and Ugo Locatelli, Rava is one of only four Italian players ever to win both the Olympic tournament and the World Cup.
As a coach, he managed the clubs Sampdoria, Palermo, Padova, Monza, Alessandria, Novara, Carrarese, and A.C. Cuneo.
On 5 November 2006, Rava, the last surviving member of the 1938 World Cup champion squad, died in Turin after having had surgery on his right femur due to a fracture days before. He had been suffering from Alzheimer's disease for several years. Juventus announced that the following day, for a Serie B match against Napoli, the players would wear mourning armbands in his memory.
is stated as fact:<br>
website FIFA in November 2009 introduced some changes in date of birth the player's instead 21 January 1916 (originally written) wrote 12 January 1916



The Hull and South Yorkshire Extension Railway was incorporated on 6 August 1897 and on 25 July 1898 was transferred to the Hull and Barnsley Railway.
The bill was deposited by a group of local coal owners representing the Manvers Main Colliery Company, Hickleton Main Colliery, Wath Main Colliery, Wharncliffe Silkstone Colliery together with representatives of the Hull and Barnsley Railway.
The main line left that of the Hull and Barnsley at Wrangbrook Junction, which then became a three-way affair with the South Yorkshire Junction Railway as well as the H&B. It ran via Hickleton and Thurnscoe to Wath where it made an east facing junction with the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway and a spur to reach Manvers Main Colliery.
The line was over 8 miles in length, with steep gradients - being between 1 in 120 to 150 uphill for the first six miles after Wrangbrook junction, then around 1 in 110 to 1 in 115 downhill to Wath-upon-Dearne. The line had problems with subsidence, as well as flooding at the point it passed under the Midland railway.
The line was transferred to the H&B on 25 July 1898 and then in June the following year, they doubled the line between Wrangbrook Junction and Hickleton as well as spurs to serve the collieries at Hickleton, Manvers and Wath. The line was opened for goods on 31 March 1902 and for passengers on 28 August the same year with intermediate stations at Moorhouse and South Elmsall and Hickleton and Thurnscoe. Passenger traffic, which ran to Kirk Smeaton on the H&B, ended on 6 April 1929, goods traffic between Wath and Hickleton ended on 2 October 1933, between Hickleton and Moorhouse on 31 May 1954 and on the remainder of the line on 1 October 1963. Certain lines around the southern terminus at Wath remained for use by the National Coal Board. These were closed with the Wath Main / Manvers Main complex in the 1980s.

Gerry Smyth (14 September 1961) is an academic, musician, actor and playwright from Dublin, Ireland. He works in the Department of English at Liverpool John Moores University., where he is Profesor of Irish Cultural History. His early publications were mainly in the field of Irish literature, although since 2002 he has also written widely on the subject of Irish music. Smyth was an early advocate of postcolonial criticism in Irish Studies, although more recently he has been keen to emphasise the autobiographical dimension of critical discourse. "Decolonisation and Criticism" won the American Conference for Irish Studies' Michael J. Durkan Prize for best book published in literary criticism, arts criticism or cultural studies in 1999. "Beautiful Day: Forty Years of Irish Rock" (co-authored with Sean Campbell) was launched in the Clarence Hotel in Dublin in September 2005. "Our House: The Representation of Domestic Space in Contemporary Culture" (co-edited with Jo Croft) was launched at the Tate Liverpool in September 2006. His collection of critical essays "Music in Irish Cultural History" also won the Michael J. Durkan Prize (2009). Smyth has lectured throughout Europe and the United States on various aspects of Irish culture; most recently he was a keynote speaker at IASIL 2017, held in Singapore. In September / October 2006 he was Academic-in-Residence at the Princess Grace Irish Library in Monaco. He was appointed Visiting Professor of Irish Studies at the University of Vienna between October 2010 and February 2011.
Smyth's latest book is "Celtic Tiger Blues: Music and Modern Irish Identity" (Routledge, 2016), and includes analyses of work by James Joyce, the Pogues, Bernard MacLaverty, The Waterboys, Tim Robinson, and Augusta Holmes.
Smyth is a founder member of the Liverpool-Irish Literary Theatre, specialising in the writing and production of plays on Irish literary themes. In 2011 Smyth wrote a two-man show entitled "The Brother" which he adapted from the work of Flann O'Brien. He performed the play (with actor David Llewellyn, directed by Andrew Sherlock) at an international Flann O'Brien conference in Vienna in July 2011, and at another international conference in Trieste in May 2012. "The Brother" had a six-night run at the Edinburgh Free Fringe Festival in August 2012, and has subsequently been performed at the Eleanor Rathbone Theatre (the University of Liverpool), as part of the 2012 May Festival at the University of Aberdeen, and at the IASIL (International Association for the Study of Irish Literature) Conference in Lille in June 2014. Smyth wrote a companion piece entitled "Will the Real Flann O'Brien ...? A Life in Five Scenes" which he performed (in a double header with "The Brother") at the 2013 Liverpool Irish Festival, and at the Third Flann O'Brien Conference in Prague in July 2015. The Liverpool Irish Literary Theatre travelled to the O'Brien conference Salzburg in July 2017 to perform a trio of short plays, including two by Flann O'Brien - "Thirst" and "The Dead Spit of Kelly" - as well as "The Golden Gate" by Lord Dunsany. 
In August 2017 Smyth's play "Nora & Jim" - based on an episode in the lives of James Joyce and Nora Barnacle - ran for six nights at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
Under the name Gerry McGowan, Smyth has also released four albums of progressive folk music: "The Colour Tree" (2003), "riverrun" (2005), and "The Usual Story" (2008). He has also recorded and released two albums of Liverpool-related shanties: "Roll & Go: Songs of Liverpool and the Sea" (2009), and "Across the Western Ocean" (2011); the latter is a compilation of songs by various musicians from Merseyside performing shanties and ballads associated with Liverpool in aid of the Royal National Lifeboat Institute station in Hoylake, Merseyside.
In 2012 Smyth recorded and released an album entitled "James Joyce's Chamber Music": this was a folk musical version (co-written and performed with his daughter) of the thirty-six lyric suite published by James Joyce in 1907. The album was launched at a concert in the Bluecoat Arts Centre in Liverpool in October 2012 as part of the Liverpool Irish Festival. In 2013 and 2014 Smyth performed concerts of selected material from this album at concerts in Nijmegen, Brussels, Kortrijk, Paris, Rennes, Reykjavik, Trieste, Kristiansand, Gothenburg, Sassari, and Florence. A website based on the album was launched at an event in the Everyman Theatre in Liverpool on 22 January 2015. 
Smyth is currently working on an album of settings of lyrics by W.B. Yeats, a study of the role of music in the life and literature of James Joyce, and a cabaret based on the album "Murder Ballads" by Nick Cave.

Odontamblyopus roseus is a species of eel goby native to the coastal waters along the west coast of India. This species can reach a length of SL. Unlike other members of this genus, this species does not have any muscles extending to the top of the skull.

Models of abnormality are general hypotheses as to the nature of psychological abnormalities. The four main models to explain psychological abnormality are the biological, behavioural, cognitive, and psychodynamic models. They all attempt to explain the causes and treatments for all psychological illnesses, and all from a different approach.
The biological model of abnormality (the only model not based on psychological principles) is based on the assumptions that if the brain, neuroanatomy and related biochemicals are all physical entities and work together to mediate psychological processes, then treating any mental abnormality must be physical/biological. Part of this theory stems from much research into the major neurotransmitter, serotonin, which seems to show that major psychological illnesses such as bipolar disorder and anorexia nervosa are caused by abnormally reduced levels of Serotonin in the brain.(1) The model also suggests that psychological illness could and should be treated like any physical illness (being caused by chemical imbalance, microbes or physical stress) and hence can be treated with surgery or drugs. Electroconvulsive therapy has also proved to be a successful short-term treatment for depressive symptoms of bipolar disorder and related illnesses, although the reasons for its success are almost completely unknown. There is also evidence for a genetic factor in causing psychological illness.(2)(3). The main cures for psychological illness under this model: electroconvulsive therapy, drugs and surgery at times can have very good results in restoring "normality" as biology has been shown to play some sort of role in psychological illness. However they can also have consequences, whether biology is responsible or not, as drugs always have a chance of causing allergic reactions or addiction. Electrotherapy can cause unnecessary stress and surgery can dull the personality, as the part of the brain responsible for emotion (hypothalamus) is often altered or even completely removed.
A diagnosis of mental 'illness' implies that a person is in no way responsible for the abnormality of functioning and as such is not to blame. The concept of 'no blame' is generally thought to be more humane and likely to elicit a much more sympathetic response from others.
However Zarate (1972), pointed out that even more than physical illness, mental illness is something that people fear – largely because it is something they do not understand. In general, people do not know how to respond to someone diagnosed as mentally ill. There may also be fears that the person's behaviour might be unpredictable or potentially dangerous. Therefore, sympathy is more likely to give way to avoidance of the person, which in turn leads to the person feeling shunned.
A huge amount of research has been carried out within the framework of the medical model and this has greatly increased our understanding of the possible biological factors underpinning psychological disorders. However, much of the evidence is inconclusive and findings can be difficult to interpret. For example, in family studies, it is difficult to disentangle the effects of genetics from the effects of environment. It can also be difficult to establish cause and effect. For example, raised levels of dopamine may be a consequence rather than a cause of schizophrenia.
Many psychologists criticise psychiatry for focusing its attention primarily on symptoms and for assuming that relieving symptoms with drugs cures the problem. Unfortunately, in many cases when the drug treatment is ceased the symptoms recur. This suggests that drugs are not addressing the true cause of the problem.
The behavioural model to abnormality assumes that all maladaptive behaviour is essentially acquired through one's environment. Therefore, psychiatrists practising the beliefs of this model would be to prioritise changing the behaviour over identifying the cause of the dysfunctional behaviour. The main solution to psychological illness under this model is aversion therapy, where the stimulus that provokes the dysfunctional behaviour is coupled with a second stimulus, with aims to produce a new reaction to the first stimulus based on the experiences of the second. Also, systematic desensitisation can be used, especially where phobias are involved by using the phobia that currently causes the dysfunctional behaviour and coupling it with a phobia that produces a more intense reaction. This is meant to make the first phobia seem less fearsome etc. as it has been put in comparison with the second phobia. This model seems to have been quite successful, where phobias and compulsive disorders are concerned, but it doesn't focus on the cause of the illness or problem, and so risks recurrence of the problem.
The behavioural model overcomes the ethical issues raised by the medical model of labelling someone as 'ill' or 'abnormal'. Instead the model concentrates on behaviour and whether it is 'adaptive' or 'maladaptive'. The model also allows individual and cultural differences to be taken into account. Provided the behaviour is presenting no problems to the individual or to other people, then there is no need to regard the behaviour as a mental disorder. Those who support the psychodynamic model, however, claim the behavioural model focuses only on symptoms and ignores the causes of abnormal behaviour. They claim that the symptoms are merely the tip of the iceberg – the outward expression of deeper underlying emotional problems. Whenever symptoms are treated without any attempt to ascertain the deeper underlying problems, then the problem will only manifest itself in another way, through different symptoms. This is known as symptom substitution. Behaviourists reject this criticism and claim that we need not look beyond the behavioural symptoms as the symptoms are the disorder. Thus, there is nothing to be gained from searching for internal causes, either psychological or physical. Behaviourists point to the success of behavioural therapies in treating certain disorders. Others note the effects of such treatments are not always long lasting. Another criticism of the behavioural model are the ethical issues it raises. Some claim the therapies are dehumanising and unethical. For example, aversion therapy has been imposed on people without consent.
The cognitive model is quite similar to the behavioural model but with the main difference that, instead of teaching the patient to behave differently, it teaches the patient to think differently. It is hoped that if the patient's feelings and emotions towards something are influenced to change, it will induce external behavioural change. Though similar in ways to the behavioural model, psychiatrists of this model use differing methods for cures. The main one is rational emotive therapy (RET) and is based on the principle that an "activating" emotional event will cause a change in thoughts toward that situation, even if it is an illogical thought. So with this therapy, it is the psychiatrist's job to question and change the irrational thoughts. It is similar to the behavioural model where its success is concerned, as it has also proved to be quite successful in the treatment of compulsive disorders and phobias. Although it doesn't deal with the cause of the problem directly, it does attempt to change the situation more broadly than the behavioural model.
The psychodynamic model is the fourth psychological model of abnormality, and is based on the work of Sigmund Freud. It is based on the principles that psychological illnesses come about from repressed emotions and thoughts from experiences in the past (usually childhood), and as a result of this repression, alternative behaviour replaces what is being repressed. The patient is believed to be cured when they can admit that which is currently being repressed (4). The main cure for illnesses under this model is free association where the patient is free to speak while the psychiatrist notes down and tries to interpret where the trouble areas are. This model can be successful, especially where the patient feels comfortable to speak freely and about issues that are relevant to a cure.

The Rouen is a heavyweight breed of domesticated duck raised primarily for decoration, exhibition or as general purpose ducks, since they are not prolific egg layers. Rouen ducks are frequently used for meat. The breed originated in France sometime before the 19th century.
The plumage coloring of both the Rouen drake and the Rouen hen are nearly identical to that of the Mallard drake and Mallard hen. The Mallard color pattern is referred to as gray. Males have green heads, white collars, black tail coverts and dark, ashy brown tail feathers, a gray body, and a deep claret breast. The female Rouen hens are a consistent shade of mahogany brown, with a brown crown and tan eye-stripes extending from bill to the back of the eyes. Another feature of the female color pattern is the distinct, detailed penciling found on feathers of the head, neck, body, body, most of the wing and tail. Rouen hens can be much darker brown than Mallard hens. Both sexes also have blue speculum feathers. However, Rouen speculum feathers are brighter in color and larger in size than that of the Mallard. Adult Rouen ducks are typically significantly larger than Mallard ducks. The Rouen duckling is identical to the Mallard duckling in terms of plumage coloring. In North America, two distinct types are bred: the common, or production-bred, variety that is larger than a Mallard but has a typical duck conformation, and the much larger and squarer standard-bred variety. The production variety normally weighs 6–8 lbs (2.7–3.6 kg) while the standard-bred weighs 9–12 lb (4.1–5.4 kg).
Rouen ducklings can be distinguished from wild mallard ducklings by the presence of a second stripe which runs across their face, just under their eye, whereas mallard ducklings have only one stripe which runs across their eye.
The breed was first raised in France, but it was not until it reached England in the 19th century that it was refined into the breed recognized as the Rouen today. The French version resembled a larger than average Mallard, but by selective breeding the British developed the exhibition-type Rouen. The final product was a bird with a deep, long keel, boat-shaped profile, enormous appearance and refined markings, especially the penciling on the female. It was used chiefly as a roasting bird; though it produced 35 to 125 eggs a year, there were other breeds which were more reliable egg-layers with higher production. The eggs are typically white, but can have blue and green tints. Exhibition-typed Rouen ducks have been known to crush their eggs if allowed to set due to their massive frames. In 1861, Mrs Beeton said of it:
The origin of the name is not known. When they arrived in England, they were variously called Rhône, after the region in southwest-central France, Rohan, after the cardinal of that name, Roan, for the mixture of colours, and Rouen after the northern French town, with Rouen eventually being adopted in both England and France. In France they are called Rouen Foncé (dark) as opposed to Rouen Clair, which are lighter in colour.
In 1850 the first Rouens were introduced to the USA by D. W. Lincoln of Worcester, Massachusetts, and used as general farm ducks until becoming popular as show birds. They were included in the "Standard of Perfection" of the American Poultry Association in 1874 and since then have won many titles, often having the most entries in the heavyweight class and doing well in competition with other breeds.



Clive Spate (born 16 January 1952) is a British game show contestant. He was the winner of the eighth series of "Countdown" and has won many other TV quizzes, including the 2003 series "Grand Slam", a contest between previous quiz show champions which also featured Olav Bjortomt, Mark Labbett, Graham Nash and David Edwards, among others.
Spate is also a former tournament Scrabble player. He was the top rated UK player in 1991, 1994 and 1995. He competed at the World Scrabble Championship in 1993, finishing ninth out of sixty-four. The winner that year was "Countdown" Champion of Champions, Mark Nyman - the first UK Scrabble player to hold the World Championship title.
Spate gradually retired from the game, although he made a brief comeback in 2003, when he was the runner-up at the British National Scrabble Championship.

Maria Camila O'Gorman Ximénez (1827/1828 – 18 August 1848) was a 19th century Argentine socialite executed over a scandal involving her relationship with a Roman Catholic priest. She was 20 years old and eight months pregnant when she and Father Ladislao Gutiérrez faced a firing squad.
Camila was born in Merced, Buenos Aires, the youngest daughter of Adolfo O'Gorman y Perichón Vandeuil, and his wife, Joaquina Ximénez Pinto. She was the second-to-last of six children in an upper-class family of mixed Irish, French and Spanish descent. Typical of powerful families in Argentina's post-colonial era, two of her brothers went on to pursue reputable careers. One as an ordained priest of the Jesuit Order, and the other as a police officer and the eventual founder of the Buenos Aires Police Academy.
She was also the granddaughter of Ana Perichon de O'Gorman (1776-1847), renowned lover of the Viceroy of the La Plata Santiago de Liniers, First Count of Buenos Aires. As the first British invasion occurred, Liniers was part of the defence of Buenos Aires. For heroic actions in defence of the city, Santiago de Liniers was appointed Military Governor of Buenos Aires, and Perichon de O'Gorman became the unofficial first lady. Her importance and power led to accusations intended to discredit her, including allegations that she was a spy for the French or the English. After Liniers died in 1810 she retired to a quieter life with her sons and died peacefully in 1847, at the age of 72.
In 1847 Argentina was governed by Juan Manuel de Rosas, a General of the Argentine Army and a politician. Rosas governed the Argentine Confederation by decree from 1829-52. Camila was considered a pillar of polite society, a close friend and confidante of Rosas' daughter, Manuelita, and a frequent guest at the Governors Residence. In her late teens, Camila was introduced to Father Ladislao Gutiérrez, a Jesuit priest who had attended seminary with her brother. 
At the time, the Society of Jesus was the only institution within Argentina's Catholic Church which continued to speak out against Rosas' police state tactics. This led Rosas to later banish the Jesuits from Argentina. Father Gutiérrez came from a similar background; his uncle was the Provincial Governor of Tucumán, . Father Gutiérrez had been assigned as the parish priest of Nuestra Señora del Socorro (Our Lady of Relief) and was frequently invited to the O'Gorman family's estate. They soon began a clandestine affair.
They escaped in December 1847 and settled in Goya, Corrientes Province, where they set up the town's first school and posed as a married couple under false names. Corrientes was at the time under the control of Benjamín Virasoro, a warlord hostile to Rosas. As the scandal broke, Adolfo O'Gorman sent a letter to Rosas accusing Gutierrez of having seduced Camila, "under the guise of religion". Adolfo described himself and his family as heartbroken and pleaded that his daughter be rescued from the man he accused of having kidnapped her.
Rosas' exiled political opponents, and future President Domingo Faustino Sarmiento declared that Rosas was responsible for the moral corruption of Argentine womanhood. Camila and Ladislao were recognised by an Irish priest, Fr. Michael Gannon. Among others, Father Anthony Fahy and lawyer Dalmacio Vélez Sarsfield "demanded an exemplary punishment of the wayward daughter that was also giving the industrious and well-regarded [Irish] community a bad name". 
The couple was abducted from Corrientes Province and returned to Buenos Aires. Camila claimed she had initiated her relationship with Gutierrez and insisted on their elopement, angrily denying rumors that she had been raped. From Buenos Aires, Rosas had given strict orders - the fugitives were to be sent to the prison of Santos Lugares (today San Andrés, General San Martín, Buenos Aires Province) in separate carriages - as indicated by Foreign Relations Minister Felipe Arana in his warrant of arrest.
Before reaching their final destination, Camila wrote to Manuelita Rosas, with the hope that she might persuade her father into granting clemency. Manuelita replied to her friend's letter, promising to help. Manuelita optimistically furnished a cell in a nearby Convent with a piano and books. However, Rosas denied his daughter's pleas and replied that this case, "needs a show of my undisputed power, as the moral values and sacred religious norms of a whole society are at stake". At the time, Rosas had removed the administration of justice from the courts and taken it upon himself. As per protocol, he signed a decree ordering the executions.
Immediately after arriving to the prison, according to Canon Law, Father Castellanos, the prison chaplain, visited Camila’s cell and baptised her unborn baby. This consisted of Camila drinking holy water and placing consecrated ashes on her forehead. The next morning, 18 August 1848, O'Gorman and Gutiérrez were taken to the courtyard, tied to chairs, and blindfolded. Rosas accepted full responsibility for the execution, and said nobody had made any plea on behalf of the couple, overlooking the pleas of his own daughter, Manuelita. Many documents have survived, including a letter from Adolfo O'Gorman to Rosas, demanding "exemplary punishment for the most atrocious and unheard of event in this country".
A book published in 1883, many years after the event, by Antonino Reyes, who had served Rosas for 14 years and was his aide-de-camp, secretary, Sergeant Major, and Chief of Police at Santos Lugares Prison. Reyes was so moved that he decided not to witness the executions and out of compassion ordered both bodies to be placed in the same coffin. Only then did he write to Rosas and inform him that his orders had been carried out. In the aftermath of their deaths, both friends and enemies of Rosas claimed to be appalled by the cruel and senseless execution, including Sarmiento and his fellow Unitarios, and wrote about it using terms such as "the beautiful girl", "the doomed couple" and "the repression of love". Camila was 20 years old and eight months pregnant with an illegitimate child. Father Gutiérrez was 24 years old.

Bukit Panjang is a suburban area situated in the Western part of Singapore

Byrrah is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is a prince of Atlantis, and cousin to Namor the Sub-Mariner.
Byrrah first appeared in "Marvel: Mystery Comics" #82 and was created by Bill Everett and Jimmy Thompson.
Byrrah was a member of the Atlantean royalty, and a citizen of Atlantis. Byrrah and Namor were close friends at childhood though they became rivals. Byrrah considered Namor a "half-breed" and unfit to rule Atlantis. Byrrah vied with Namor for the Atlantean throne when Emperor Thakorr was injured.
Byrrah was possible heir to the throne while Namor was gone. When Namor did return, Byrrah used a mind-control device to force the Atlanteans to choose him as ruler and exile Namor. Byrrah formed an alliance with Namor's enemies (Attuma and Warlord Krang) to defeat him, but failed and was exiled from Atlantis. With Krang and Doctor Dorcas, he unsuccessfully attempted to turn Atlantean public sentiment against Namor. He next formed alliances with Llyra and the Badoon, and battled Namor and Namorita. The two cousins later reconciled, and Namor pardoned Byrrah's crimes.
Byrrah brought word to Namor of Attuma's takeover of Atlantis. Alongside Namor, Byrrah battled Attuma's forces but they were defeated. Alongside Alpha Flight, Byrrah aided Namor and the Avengers against Attuma again. With his fellow Atlanteans, Byrrah helped Namor establish the new kingdom of Deluvia.
Byrrah has all the powers inherent to the "Homo mermanus", including superhuman strength. He is adapted to live underwater, having gills that allow him to breathe underwater, he can swim at high speeds and his body is resistant against the pressure and the cold of the deep oceans. His specially developed vision allows him to see clearly in the murky depths of the ocean.
He can survive only for 10 minutes out of water, unless he uses a special serum that gives him the ability to breathe air. His stamina, agility, and reflexes are reduced when out of the water.
He is a master of all forms of Atlantean armed and unarmed combat. He carries a sword and battleaxe, and uses a power-pike which fires bolts of electrical energy.
Byrrah is a master planner and strategist, and an experienced politician.

Unity Day may refer to:


Sergio Bertoni (23 September 1915 – 15 February 1995) was an Italian association football manager and player, who played as a striker. With the Italian national team, he won the 1936 Summer Olympics football tournament and the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
Born in Pisa, Bertoni played for Pisa Calcio (1935–1938) and Genoa C.F.C. (1938–1942) throughout his club career.
Bertoni obtained six international caps with the Italian national team between 1936 and 1940, and scored one goal. He won the Gold medal at the 1936 Summer Olympics and the 1938 FIFA World Cup: with Alfredo Foni, Pietro Rava and Ugo Locatelli, he is one of the only four Italian players to have won both tournaments.
After World War II, Bertoni coached Spezia Calcio 1906 in the 1950–51, 1955–56, 1956–57 and 1961–62 seasons. He died at 79 years old.




Gabrielle Elaine Franco Rose (born November 1, 1977) is a Brazilian-American former competition swimmer who participated in the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.
Rose, a resident of Memphis, Tennessee, competed for Brazil at the 1995 Pan American Games and 1996 Summer Olympics, but later represented the United States starting at the 1999 Pan American Games. Rose attended St. Mary's Episcopal School in Memphis, and graduated in 1995. She then attended Stanford University, where she swam for the Stanford Cardinal swimming and diving team. She graduated from Stanford in March 2000 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in American Studies, and in 2009 with a master of business administration degree.
She is the daughter of former Holiday Inn CEO, Mike Rose, and his wife Regina Rose.
At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Rose finished 14th in the 100-meter butterfly, 22nd in the 200-meter individual medley, and 23rd in the 100-meterre freestyle.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Rose finished 7th in the 200-meter individual medley final.
At the 1995 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Rio de Janeiro, she finished 4th in the 200-meter individual medley, with a time of 2:12.64; 6th in the 4×100-meter medley, with a time of 4:12.76; 6th in the 4×100-meter freestyle, along with Paula Aguiar, Lúcia Santos and Raquel Takaya, breaking the South American record, with a time of 3:45.87; and 8th in the 100-meter butterfly, with a time of 1:00.34, new South American record. In the 100-meter freestyle heats, she broke the South American record, with a time of 56.13 seconds.
At the 2002 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Moscow, Rose won three silver medals in the 100-meter individual medley, 200-meter individual medley, and 4×200-meter freestyle.
At the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, Rose won a silver medal in the 100-meter butterfly, and two bronze medals in the 4×100-meter freestyle and medley relays. She also finished 5th in the 100-meter freestyle, and 6th in the 200-meter individual medley.
At the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, she finished 4th in the 200-meter individual medley.
Rose is a former Brazilian record holder of the 100-meter freestyle, 100-meter butterfly, 100-meter breaststroke and 200-meter individual medley. The 100-meter breaststroke record was overcome by Patrícia Comini. The 200-meter individual medley records were beaten by Joanna Maranhão in long and short pools. The 100-meter freestyle record was overcome by Tatiana Lemos.

Author - Dasha Siromakha aka Dashananda (me)



Self-made with Microsoft Excel









A control track is a track that runs along an outside edge of a standard analog videotape (including VHS). The control track encodes a series of pulses, each pulse corresponding to the beginning of each frame. This allows the video tape player to synchronize its scan speed and tape speed to the speed of the recording. Thus, the recorded control track defines the speed of playback (e.g. SP, LP, EP, etc.), and it is also what drives the relative counter clock that most VCRs have.
The control track is used to fine-tune the tape speed during playback, so that the high speed rotating heads remained exactly on their helical tracks rather than somewhere between two adjacent tracks (known as "tracking"). Since good tracking depends on precise distances between the rotating drum and the fixed control/audio head reading the linear tracks, which usually varies by a couple of micrometers between machines due to manufacturing tolerances, most VCRs offer tracking adjustment, either manual or automatic, to correct such mismatches.
The control track is also used to hold "index marks", which were normally written at the beginning of each recording session, and can be found using the VCR's "index search" function: this will fast-wind forward or backward to the "n"th specified index mark, and resume playback from there. At times, higher-end VCRs provided functions for the user to manually add and remove these marks — so that, for example, they coincide with the actual start of the television program — but this feature later became hard to find.
By the late 1990s, some high-end VCRs offered more sophisticated indexing. For example, Panasonic's Tape Library system assigned an ID number to each cassette, and logged recording information (channel, date, time and optional program title entered by the user) both on the cassette and in the VCR's memory for up to 900 recordings (600 with titles).
A gap in the control track signal of a videotape usually causes a flaw during playback, as the player may lose tracking as soon as the track drops out. This usually leads to a gap in video and audio (since there's no information as to what speed the media is recorded at), the VCR's counter will freeze, and upon re-acquiring the control track, the video sync will be momentarily lost.
Problems with control track signals are almost always caused by a gap in recording, e.g. a recording was resumed "beyond" (rather than "at") the point where recording was previously stopped. A control track error can also be caused by a "dropout" - a defect in the magnetic particles on a tape - but this is very uncommon, as the control track is immune to all but the most severe tape damage.
A discontinuous control track was (and still is) especially problematic for analog videotape editing. Each gap in the control track, no matter how brief, destroys synchronization and continuity, which can make a segment of a recorded video difficult or impossible to use for editing.
The acronym "LOCT" (pronounced "locked"), used by many video professionals, can mean "Loss Of Control Track" and/or "Loss Of Continuous Timecode". Though either type of "loss" can pose similar problems, and both issues are sometimes directly related, control track and timecode are two different things (see timecode).
Control track problems cannot be "repaired". You can duplicate the tape to restore control track continuity, but this will not fix visual and audible "glitches" caused by gaps in the original control track, and the video itself will suffer quality degradation due to "generation loss".
For this reason, many video professionals would "pre-stripe" every analog videotape to be used in the field or studio beforehand to help ensure good control track throughout. This was done by pre-recording black to the entire videotape. Pre-striping also facilitated spot-checking for dropouts on the video portion of the tape (usually seen as brief white horizontal "dashes") before use.


Christiana Mariana von Ziegler (28 June 1695 – 1 May 1760) was a German poet and writer. She is best known for the texts of nine cantatas, which Johann Sebastian Bach composed after Easter of 1725.
Christiana Mariana Romanus was born in Leipzig, where her father served as mayor in 1701. She began her literary career after the death of her second husband, Captain von Ziegler in 1722. She returned to Leipzig, where she lived in the family home, the Romanushaus, with her mother. Her father had received a long-term prison sentence for financial irregularities. Despite the difficult family circumstances, the house became a literary and musical salon. Johann Christoph Gottsched encouraged her poetic activity. She became the first woman member of Gottsched's literary society, the "Deutsche Gesellschaft".
In 1741 she married for the third time and her literary activity ceased.
She died in Frankfurt an der Oder.
Bach moved to Leipzig in 1723 to take up the post of Thomaskantor. In this role he set about composing a large number of cantatas for performance in the city's churches. There is some uncertainty about who was writing Bach's libretti in his first couple of years in Leipzig. 
Whoever his original librettist was, Bach appears to have been looking for a new librettist in 1724, and this may be when he met Ziegler.
The nine cantatas set by Bach to texts by Ziegler are:
The question arises why Bach turned to other librettists. There were still texts by Ziegler unset. She published a cyle of cantata texts in 1728, the texts set by Bach and others not set by him.
John Eliot Gardiner suggests that the relationship between the two may have been strained by Bach's habit of amending her texts to suit his purposes. There also seem to be some examples of lack of communication when Bach sets Ziegler's words by adapting music he had composed earlier (as for example in "Er rufet seinen Schafen mit Namen", BWV 175).

A synch roll, or sync roll is a phenomenon that occurs when the synchronization between the recording head and the video encoded on the tape is lost and gradually resynchronized. It usually occurs when there is a gap, drop out, or misalignment of the videotape control track that is used to tell the VCR or VTR where the beginning of each frame begins. When the control track suddenly reappears, the head may already be in the middle of reading a frame of video, in which case the speed adjusts to synchronize with the video on the tape, causing a vertical "rolling" or "scrolling" of the picture on the television.

Euratex (The European Apparel and Textile Organisation) is a European organisation based in Brussels, Belgium. It represents the European textile and clothing industry, and its main objective is to create an environment within the European Union which is conducive to the manufacture of textile and clothing products. It promotes the interests of its members while taking into account the European Union's institutional framework and its international obligations. 
The European Union is the largest world market for textile and clothing products, with an apparent consumption of at least €415 Billion. The European textile and clothing industry is the world's second largest exporter of textiles and the third largest for clothing. Its annual turnover is €207.6 Billion and its 196,858 companies employ 2.4 million workers.
Euratex has members in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, and the United Kingdom.

This image is a cover of "We're Already Gone", it is a studio album by The Beautiful Girls. Its inclusion here is claimed as fair use because:
The use of the cover illustration is in good faith, and its inclusion enhances the quality of the article without reducing the commercial value of the recording from which it was drawn.


Edmundo Murray (b. 1955 in Buenos Aires), is a writer, born in a family with Argentine, Colombian, Irish and Swiss origins.
Edmundo Murray studied in Argentina, the United States and Switzerland. PhD literature from University of Zurich (Romanisches Seminar), M.A. University of Geneva. Editor at WTO Publications, the in-house publisher of the World Trade Organization. Author of "Devenir irlandés: Narrativas íntimas de la emigración irlandesa a la Argentina 1844-1912" (Buenos Aires: Eudeba, 2004), which has been published in English as "Becoming Irlandés: Private Narratives of the Irish Emigration to Argentina 1844-1912" (Buenos Aires: L.O.L.A. Literature of Latin America, 2006), "Becoming gauchos ingleses: Diasporic Models in Irish-Argentine Literature" (Palo Alto: Academica Press, 2009), "Centre William Rappard: Home of the World Trade Organization, Geneva" (Geneva: WTO, 2011), with Joëlle Kuntz, also published in French and Spanish. "Intégration régionale en Afrique de l´Ouest: Dynamiques socio-historiques, Stratégies des Acteurs et Contributions des Chercheurs (Praia: West Africa Institute, 2014), with Abdarahmane Ngaïdé, Kalie Sillah, Bio Goura Soule, and Olumuyiwa Alaba. As editor, he has published "Symphony of Flavors: Food and Music in Concert" (Newcastle: Cambridge Scholars Publishing, 2015). Advisory Board member and contributor to "Ireland and the Americas: Culture, Politics, and History" (Santa Barbara, CA: ABC-CLIO, 2008). Lecturer and frequent contributor of articles in cultural history, regional cultural integration, and in Irish and Latin American studies. Founding Member of the Society for Irish Latin American Studies, and member of Sociedad Suiza de Estudios Hispánicos and the Société Suisse des Américanistes. Founder and first editor of "Irish Migration Studies in Latin America", a journal focusing on relations between Ireland and Latin America. Visiting professor at University of Cape Verde. Research consultant of the West Africa Institute. Poet and a short-story writer, published "Poemas Nómades" (1999) and "Taxonomía Fantástica de los Árboles de Buenos Aires" (2000). Married to Estelle Varanguien de Villepin, father of five, lives near Geneva, Switzerland.


Rugby Super League may refer to several rugby football competitions:

Odontamblyopus rubicundus is a species of eel goby native to coastal waters and estuaries from the east coast of India to Myanmar and Bangladesh. This species can reach a length of TL. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.

Johannes Hendrik Feldmeijer (Assen, 30 November 1910 – near Raalte, 22 February 1945) was a Dutch National Socialist politician and a member of the NSB.
He was born in Assen on 30 November 1910 as Johannes Hendrik Veldmeijer. In 1915, his family's name was changed to Feldmeijer. He used only his middle name, making him Henk Feldmeijer. He graduated from high school in 1928 with top grades in every subject, and started studying mathematics and physics. He interrupted his education to perform national service in 1931. During this period he met a leader of the recently established Stormtroopers of the National Socialist Movement (NSB). He was inspired by the ideas of this movement to become member number 479 in 1932. As one of the first 1,000 members, he had direct access to the movement's leader Anton Mussert. He made many speeches in and around Groningen about the need of a strong leader (Mussert) and against democracy. His speaking talents were quickly recognized, and he got a paid position in the propaganda department. He made many journeys to Nazi Germany, during which he had meetings with SS members; he also visited Scandinavia and Mussolini's Italy. After failing his exams in 1935, he broke off his education and became a full-time employee of the NSB stationed in Utrecht. Because of his membership in the NSB he was fired as a reserve-officer of the army in 1935.
Feldmeijer belonged to the "volkisch" group in the NSB, just like Meinoud Rost van Tonningen. This group tried to cultivate the Germanic part of Dutch history, and promoted a racist and anti-semitic view. Feldmeijer had many secret contacts in German SS circles, of which his NSB superiors were not aware. The "Volkisch" group in the NSB caused a radicalisation of the party's viewpoints. They idealised the lives of the "Germanic" forefathers of the Dutch people, and the proponents of these theories performed much research on these ideas. 
In 1937, Feldmeijer became an important member of the organisation "Der Vaderen Erfdeel" (Heritage of our forefathers), renamed "Volksche Werkgemeenschap" ("Volkisch" working community) in 1940; This group performed the research for the Volkisch group in the NSB. The Dutch people had to learn to realise that their culture was a "Germanic" culture; an important step in the direction of the SS way of thinking. Feldmeijer was strongly attracted to the SS ideology, but had to keep his ties with this organisation a secret as the NSB did not fully appreciate this. 
In the autumn of 1937, he was forced to leave the headquarters of the NSB in Utrecht because of a conflict with the NSB leader Anton Mussert, and was made the district leader of Salland. In August 1939 Rost van Tonningen appointed him as commander of the Mussert guards. Feldmeijer based the organisation of this paramilitary group of several hundred men on the SS organisation in Germany. In 1939 he made several trips to Berlin to advise the Germans on the Dutch language transmissions of Radio-Bremen. On 3 May 1940 the Dutch government imprisoned him in Fort Ooltgensplaat, where he shared a cell with Rost van Tonningen. He was later transported to France via Belgium, and on 30 May 1940 he was liberated by German troops in Calais. On 2 June 1940 Feldmeijer and Rost van Tonningen arrived back in Den Haag. That same night Rost van Tonningen was invited to a meeting with Heinrich Himmler and Artur Seyss-Inquart to discuss the nazification of the Netherlands and the establishment of a Dutch SS. A few days later, Rost van Tonningen introduced Feldmeijer to Hanns Albin Rauter, the German head of the Dutch occupied territories police, who was impressed with the vigour and charisma of the young Dutchman.
Feldmeijer was tasked with establishing and commanding the Nederlandsche SS. Mussert had opposed the creation of the SS in the Netherlands, but German pressure had made him agree to its establishment. De Nederlandsche SS had a maximum membership of 4,000 on 1 November 1942. It always had a double standard, as it was seen as part of the NSB and at the same time part of the German SS. In theory, it was under the leadership of Anton Mussert but in reality Feldmeijer reported to Himmler and his representative in the Netherlands, Hanns Albin Rauter. Feldmeijer stimulated his members to contribute actively to the German war effort: he himself served at the front twice: April–May 1941 as a gunner in the Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler in Yugoslavia and Greece, and June 1942 – March 1943 as Flak commander in SS-Division Wiking at the Eastern Front in Southern Russia. In March 1943 he was promoted to Standartenführer in the Allgemeine SS and in March 1944, after completion of an officer training course, he was promoted to Hauptsturmführer in the Waffen-SS. He was decorated with the Iron Cross 2nd Class, the Sturmabzeichen and the Verwundetenabzeichen in black.
Feldmeijer had many conflicts with other members of the NSB because of his strong dedication to the SS. The SS wanted a complete integration of the Netherlands in the Greater German "Reich". On the other hand, Mussert wanted a German "League of Nations", with Germany as a leading member of the "European union of states". The German occupation authorities saw in Feldmeijer a willing tool to keep Mussert's ambitions in check. The conflict between the SS and the NSB came to a boil in May 1943, and while Feldmeijer and Mussert made a public appearance together to show their good relations, in practice all ties between the NSB and the German SS were severed.
Feldmeijer supported the retaliatory measures taken against the resistance actions against NSB members. He was a member of the "Sonderkommando-Feldmeijer" between September 1943 and September 1944, and executed at least 20 people for resistance activities in an operation named "Silbertanne Aktion". Other prominent members of the commando were Heinrich Boere, and Klaas Carel Faber and his brother. In February 1945 he was appointed to command a battalion of the Landstorm Nederland. 
While driving to his position at the front, his car was strafed by an Allied fighter plane and Feldmeijer was killed. He was buried in Haren several days later. Himmler sent Rauter a telegram after hearing of the death of Feldmeijer:
"I am very sad over the death of Feldmeijer. Please convey my condolences to his wife. Feldmeijer was the future of Holland in my eyes. Don't bother to offer my condolences to Mister Mussert, as he never knew what kind of man he had in Feldmeijer."

Trent Knobel (born 23 May 1980) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League.
Knobel, a ruckman originally from the Gold Coast, was recruited to the AFL in his home state with the Brisbane Lions onto their rookie list. He made his debut in 2000 after a rookie elevation. After getting his chance in Round 14, Knobel held his spot for much of the season, and played in two finals matches.
After a disappointing 2001 season, and with the Lions having an abundance of ruck stocks (Keating, McLaren, McDonald, Macdonald among others), they traded him to St Kilda. 
After fairly limited seasons with the Saints in 2002 and 2003, his 2004 season was much improved, playing all 24 games and becoming the Saints' number one ruckman. Despite his crash and bash ruckwork and tally of 460 hitouts for the year, he was criticised for his lack of around the ground work, averaging just 6 disposals in 2004.
This led to him being traded in the 2005 pre-season draft to the Richmond Football Club. In 2005, he missed 3 games late in the year with a hamstring injury but performed better around the ground.
In 2006, Knobel played just 3 games and found it hard for selection due to the form of All-Australian ruckman Troy Simmonds. Due to ongoing injury concerns Knobel was unable to play a senior game in 2007 and announced his retirement from AFL football on 28 August 2007.
After his AFL retirement, Trent Knobel decided to come out of retirement to join AFLQ club Labrador Tigers after rejecting offer from AFLQ power house Southport Sharks and Broadbeach Cats.

The Ambassador of Conscience Award is Amnesty International's most prestigious human rights award. It celebrates individuals and groups who have furthered the cause of human rights by showing exceptional courage standing up to injustice and who have used their talents to inspire others.
It also aims to create debate, encourage public action and raise awareness of inspirational stories and human rights issues.

Jeff Zywicki (born April 8, 1981) is a professional lacrosse player from Ottawa, Ontario. He is currently a member of the Washington Stealth of the National Lacrosse League and the Toronto Nationals of the Major League Lacrosse. Zywicki is not known for his explosive speed but is widely recognized as an acrobatic, highlight-reel goal scorer.
Zywicki grew up in Nepean, Ontario, Canada where he played his minor lacrosse. At 15, he led his Midget lacrosse team to a Provincial championship with his father, Eugene Zywicki as the head coach. At 16, Zywicki began playing for the Nepean Knights of the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League, where he finished second with 5.0 points per game to Andre Leduc (5.4 points per game) for most career points per game. In 1998, Zywicki had a career high 96 points and was awarded as the League's Most Outstanding Rookie. During his time with the Knights, Zywicki also split time playing with the Jr. ‘A’ Orillia Rama Kings.
Zywicki attended the University of Massachusetts Amherst where he was awarded ECAC Lacrosse League First Team honors as a senior.
That same year, Jeff was drafted 8th overall by the San Jose Stealth in the National Lacrosse League entry draft. He also plays for the Toronto Nationals of Major League Lacrosse. During the 2009 NLL season, he was named a reserve to the All-Star game.
In 2006, Jeff lead the Canadian Men's lacrosse team to its first World Lacrosse Championship since 1978, when it defeated the U.S. 15-10 in the final of the 2006 World Lacrosse Championship. Jeff had an outstanding championship, being awarded the 'Best Attackman' and earning a spot on the All-World team after scoring a tournament record 28 goals in 8 games.

Have Dreams, Will Travel (also known as "West Texas Lullaby", "A West Texas Children's Story", and "Dream It Out Loud") is a 2007 drama film set in the 1960s. It was written and directed by Brad Isaacs and stars AnnaSophia Robb and Cayden Boyd.
A boy named Ben Reynolds (Cayden Boyd) lives with his parents, who, for the most part, ignore him. One day, a car accident occurs near their home. Cass Kennington (AnnaSophia Robb), a girl around Ben's age, survives, but her parents both die in the crash. Cass stays in the Reynolds' house while she recovers, and she and Ben develop a romantic relationship. The two soon decide to leave and set off on their own with a suitcase and some money. Ben and Cass get "married" while staying at someone's farm. Their journey eventually takes them to Cass' aunt and uncle, where Cass suffers a nervous breakdown and gets taken to a psychiatric ward. Ben breaks into the place at night, and Cass reveals to him that she caused the car accident that killed her parents because she was being abused by her father. Ben convinces her to leave with him, and the couple spends the rest of their lives together.

Zhuo Wenjun (; fl. 2nd century BC) was a Chinese poet of the Western Han dynasty. As a young widow, she eloped with the poet Sima Xiangru. The poem "Baitou Yin" (白頭吟, Song of White Hairs) which complains at the inconstancy of male love, is attributed to her.

In the Parliament of the United Kingdom, the Committee of the Whole House is a committee of the whole of one of the two Houses. 
In the House of Commons, the Committee of the Whole House is used instead of a standing committee for the committee stage (clause-by-clause debate) of important or contentious bills. The Finance Bill is always sent to a committee of the whole House in the Commons. The sitting is presided over by the Chairman of Ways and Means, rather than the Speaker of the House.
In the House of Lords, the Committee of the Whole House examines the majority of bills.

Philippe-François de Rastel de Rocheblave also, known as, Philippe de Rocheblave and the Chevalier de Rocheblave (March 23, 1727 – April 3, 1802), was a soldier and businessman in the Illinois Country, of Upper Louisiana, and later, a political figure in Lower Canada. He was sometimes referred to as the Chevalier de Rocheblave.
Philippe-François de Rastel de Rocheblave was born in Savournon, Hautes-Alpes, France.
Philippe de Rocheblave served in the French Army. Rocheblave led French troops in New France, during the Seven Years' War also, known as, the French and Indian War in North America, serving as a lieutenant at Fort de Chartres in the Illinois Country. He later established a business at Kaskaskia. After the British took control of Kaskaskia, he became the commandant of Fort Sainte-Geneviève, in the Illinois Country for New Spain. In 1774, Rocheblave took command of Kaskaskia, for the British.
In 1778, during the American Revolutionary War, Colonel George Rogers Clark, commander of the Illinois Regiment, Virginia State Forces, captured Kaskaskia for the Americans and took Philippe de Rocheblave prisoner. Rocheblave was sent to Virginia, where he eluded parole and fled to the British forces in New York City.
After the American Revolutionary War ended, Philippe de Rocheblave brought his family to Montreal; they later settled at Varennes in 1789. He became involved in the fur trade in the Detroit region. In 1796, Rocheblave was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada for Surrey and was re-elected in 1796 and 1800, serving until his death in 1802. The sons of Rocheblave, Noël and Pierre, also, became members of the legislative assembly. Pierre de Rastel de Rocheblave also, became a member of the Lower Canada Legislative Council. Philippe de Rocheblave died on April 3, 1802, in Quebec City, Lower Canada.

Concerts for the People of Kampuchea was a series of concerts featuring Queen, The Clash, The Pretenders, The Who, Elvis Costello, Wings, and many more artists which took place at the Hammersmith Odeon in London during December 1979 to raise money for the victims of war-torn Cambodia. The event was organized by Paul McCartney and Kurt Waldheim, and it involved older artists such as McCartney and The Who as well as younger, new wave acts like The Clash and the Pretenders. The last of the concerts was the last concert of Wings. An album and EP were released in 1981, and the best of the concerts were released as a film, "Concert for Kampuchea".
Rockestra was a McCartney-led supergroup of at least thirty English rockers. (The credited list appears at the bottom of the back cover of the LP).

Odontamblyopus lacepedii is a species of eel goby found in muddy-bottomed coastal waters in China, Korea and Japan. This species excavates elaborate vertical burrows up to long in the sea bed. This species can reach a length of SL.

The Wigner D-matrix is a matrix in an irreducible representation of the groups SU(2) and SO(3). The complex conjugate of the D-matrix is an eigenfunction of the Hamiltonian of spherical and symmetric rigid rotors. The matrix was introduced in 1927 by Eugene Wigner. D stands for Darstellung, which means "representation" in German.
Let "J", "J", "J" be generators of the Lie algebra of SU(2) and SO(3). In quantum mechanics these
three operators are the components of a vector operator known as "angular momentum". Examples
are the angular momentum of an electron
in an atom, electronic spin, and the angular momentum
of a rigid rotor. In all cases the three operators satisfy the following commutation relations,
where "i" is the purely imaginary number and Planck's constant formula_2 has been put equal to one. The Casimir operator 
commutes with all generators of the Lie algebra. Hence it may be diagonalized together with formula_4.
That is, it can be shown that there is a complete set of kets with
where "j" = 0, 1/2, 1, 3/2, 2... for SU(2), and "j" = 0, 1, 2, ... for SO(3). In both cases, "m" = -j, -j + 1..., "j".
A rotation operator can be written as
where "α", "β", "γ" are Euler angles (characterized by the keywords: z-y-z convention, right-handed frame, right-hand screw rule, active interpretation).
The Wigner D-matrix is a square matrix of dimension 2"j" + 1 with elements
where
is an element of Wigner's (small) d-matrix.
Wigner gave the following expression
The sum over "s" is over such values that the factorials are nonnegative.
"Note:" The d-matrix elements defined here are real. In the often-used z-x-z convention of Euler angles, the factor formula_10 in this formula is replaced by formula_11, causing half of the functions to be purely imaginary. The realness of the d-matrix elements is one of the reasons that the z-y-z convention, used in this article, is usually preferred in quantum mechanical applications.
The d-matrix elements are related to Jacobi polynomials formula_12 with nonnegative formula_13 and formula_14. Let 
Then, with formula_17, the relation is
where formula_19
The complex conjugate of the D-matrix satisfies a number of differential properties
that can be formulated concisely by introducing the following operators with formula_20,
which have quantum mechanical meaning: they are space-fixed rigid rotor angular momentum operators.
Further,
which have quantum mechanical meaning: they are body-fixed rigid rotor angular momentum operators.
The operators satisfy the commutation relations
and the corresponding relations with the indices permuted cyclically. 
The formula_24 satisfy "anomalous commutation relations" 
(have a minus sign on the right hand side).
The two sets mutually commute,
and the total operators squared are equal,
Their explicit form is,
The operators formula_28 act on the first (row) index of the D-matrix,
and
The operators formula_24 act on the second (column) index of the D-matrix
and because of the anomalous commutation relation the raising/lowering operators
are defined with reversed signs,
Finally,
In other words, the rows and columns of the (complex conjugate) Wigner D-matrix span 
irreducible representations of the isomorphic Lie algebra's generated by formula_35 and formula_36.
An important property of the Wigner D-matrix follows from the commutation of 
formula_37 with the time reversal operator 
formula_38,
or
Here we used that formula_38 is anti-unitary (hence the complex conjugation after moving
formula_42 from ket to bra), formula_43 and formula_44.
The Wigner D-matrix elements formula_45 form a complete set
of orthogonal functions of the Euler angles formula_46, formula_47 and formula_48:
This is a special case of the Schur orthogonality relations.
The set of Kronecker product matrices
forms a reducible matrix representation of the groups SO(3) and SU(2). Reduction into irreducible components is by the following equation:
The symbol formula_52 is a
Clebsch-Gordan coefficient.
For integer values of formula_53, the D-matrix elements with second index equal to zero are proportional
to spherical harmonics and associated Legendre polynomials, normalized to unity and with Condon and Shortley phase convention:
This implies the following relationship for the d-matrix:
When both indices are set to zero, the Wigner D-matrix elements are given by ordinary Legendre polynomials:
In the present convention of Euler angles, formula_46 is 
a longitudinal angle and formula_58 is a colatitudinal angle (spherical polar angles
in the physical definition of such angles). This is one of the reasons that the "z"-"y"-"z"
convention is used frequently in molecular physics.
From the time-reversal property of the Wigner D-matrix follows immediately
There exists a more general relationship to the spin-weighted spherical harmonics:
for "j" = 3/2 
for "j" = 2 
Wigner d-matrix elements with swapped lower indices are found with the relation: 


Gianna Hablützel-Bürki (née Bürki, born 22 December 1969 in Basel) is a female épée fencer.
She married Christoph Hablützel in 1997. They have a daughter named Demi, born in 1998 and currently live in Riehen/Basel-City
Fencing at the 2000 Summer Olympics

"Burn Baby Burn" is a song by Ash, released as the second single from the "Free All Angels" album on 2 April 2001, reaching number 13 in the UK singles chart. It was released as a single CD (released on 2CD formats, the second of which being an enhanced CD) and as a 7" vinyl, and was also released for the first time on DVD format. The song can also be found on the "Intergalactic Sonic 7″s" hits collection.
"Burn Baby Burn" was originally written for "Nu-Clear Sounds" but did not make the cut. However, Mark Hamilton liked the riff, and encouraged Wheeler to re-write parts of the song, namely the chorus.
Originally the track was titled "This Is Slow Suicide", then simply "Slow Suicide", but was changed at the last minute to "Burn Baby Burn" to avoid radio censorship.
"Burn Baby Burn" was the first ever song played on the BBC's 6 Music station.
For release in America, the song was remixed and features a new 'mid-song breakdown' during the final bridge, which reflects the band's live arrangement. "Burn Baby Burn" has been consistently in the band's set since the song's release. As such it appears on the "Tokyo Blitz" live DVD.
"Burn Baby Burn" was also released as a DVD. The DVD featured the single, acoustic versions of the 1995 single "Girl from Mars" the "Free All Angels" track "Someday", and "Chinese New Year" - later released as a b-side to "Polaris", and was the first episode of Ash's road movies. Entitled "Episode 1: Road Movie", it lasted 20 minutes and starred the band's usual rockstar antics, ensuring a Parental Guidance sticker for the DVD. The DVD was limited edition, and only 8,000 were produced.
The track was released in a promo EP form in many countries. In Australia, it starred all of the b-sides from the 2CDs released for "Burn Baby Burn", as well as the song itself.
The video for "Burn Baby Burn" is directed by Jeff Thomas. It stars the band performing the song while basketball players play around them and cheerleaders dance. The video was shot in Croydon High School, and starred carefully selected cheerleaders and the London Towers basketball team. Ash claim it to be one of their favourite videos, and one of the most enjoyable they have shot. The cheerleaders in the video also performed with the band on "Top of the Pops".
Both of the CD1 b-sides were recorded for BBC Radio 1's Evening Sessions. "13th Floor" is a fast-paced number left over from the "Free All Angels" sessions that also appears on the "Cosmic Debris" b-sides collection.
The second CD1 b-side, "Only In Dreams", is a cover of the final song of Weezer's self-titled debut album, known as "The Blue Album". It is one of Ash's longest songs at just under 8 minutes.
"Thinking About You" appears on the CD2 version of "Burn Baby Burn", as well as on "Cosmic Debris". A soft acoustic song, it's somewhat of a fan favourite due to its heart-string pulling lyrics, telling of a far-away love.
Finally, the last b-side is a remix of "Free All Angels" track "Submission", written by drummer Rick McMurray.
The song won several awards, including:
All tracks written and composed by Tim Wheeler; except where indicated.

Unity Day (also called Day of People’s Unity or National Unity Day; , "Denʹ narodnogo yedinstva") is a national holiday in Russia held on November 4 ("October 22, Old Style"). It commemorates the popular uprising which expelled Polish occupation forces from Moscow in November 1612, and more generally the end of the Time of Troubles and turning point of the Polish-Muscovite War (1605–1618).
The day's name alludes to the idea that all classes of Russian society united to preserve Russian statehood when there was neither a tsar nor a patriarch to guide them. In 1613 tsar Mikhail Romanov instituted a holiday named "Day of Moscow’s Liberation from Polish Invaders". It was celebrated in the Russian Empire until 1917, when it was replaced with a commemoration of the Russian Revolution. Unity Day was reinstituted by the Russian Federation in 2005, when the events of the year 1612 have been celebrated instead of those of 1917 every November 4 since. The day is also the feast day of the Russian Orthodox icon of Our Lady of Kazan.
According to a poll in 2007, only 23 percent of Russians know the name of the holiday, up from 8 percent in 2005. 22 percent identified the holiday as the Day of Accord and Reconciliation, the name of the holiday on November 7 during the 1990s. Only 4 percent knew that the holiday commemorates the liberation of Moscow from Polish invaders, down from 5 percent in 2005.
President Vladimir Putin reestablished the holiday in order to replace the commemoration of the October Revolution, known as The Day of Great October Socialist Revolution during Soviet period and as The Day of Accord and Conciliation in post-Soviet times, which formerly took place on November 7. His decision angered some sections of the public, particularly the Communist Party, who continued with celebrations on November 7. Putin's predecessor, Boris Yeltsin took a limited action of changing the name of the holiday; by completely removing it, Putin sparked a controversy that continues today.
The center of the first reinstituted Unity Day was Nizhny Novgorod. The monument to Kuzma Minin and Dmitry Pozharsky was opened there, and President Putin laid flowers there. The Patriarch of Moscow and all Rus', Alexy II also attended. In Moscow, two processions and the "Russian March" passed. Religious processions took place with local heads of administrations.
Several fundraisers were held: in Tula, adistrict art festival took place for children with disabilities, and in Kaluga, veterans and orphans were given local confectionery products.
A "Russian March" took place, despite bans in cities such as Moscow. Nizhny Novgorod planned a 90-minute grand visual show, attended by more than 1,000 actors.
Vladimir Khotinenko made the historical film "1612", telling the story behind the holiday. In Moscow alone 39 events were held. Vladimir Putin traditionally laid flowers at the monument to Minin and Pozharsky and presented the Pushkin Medal at a reception in the Moscow Kremlin, "For the preservation of Russian spiritual heritage" and "promotion of Russian language".
President Dmitry Medvedev laid flowers at the monument to Minin and Pozharsky and organized a reception in the Grand Kremlin Palace. In Revolution Square, 7,000 attended a meeting devoted to the Day of National Unity. Activists of the youth movement "Nashi" called for a day of "under the covers" - 10,000 young people gathered on Vasilevsky Descent Square to sew a patchwork of thousands into the so-called "blanket the world". There was a free rock festival "Call", aimed at combating negative phenomena among young people, such as drugs.
There was a celebration of the consecration of the restored gate icon of St. Nicholas Mozhaiskogo on the Nikolskaya Tower of the Moscow Kremlin, with the participation of the Patriarch of Moscow and all Rus', Kirill I.
The center of celebrations was again Nizhny Novgorod. The organization of the regional government allocated a holiday budget of 15,200,000 rubles. In addition, on November 4 in Nizhny Novgorod, a sculpture 30 meters in length and about 5 meters in height was erected, with the image of Kozma Minin.

William M. Davis may refer to:


Maria Semyonovna Zhukova (, 1805 – April 26, 1855) was a Russian writer.
Maria was born in 1805 in Arzamas, where her father was a lawyer. They later moved to Saratov. Maria spent her early years in the provinces, where she gained a critical but affectionate appreciation of provincial ways. Her early education in languages and literature was most likely acquired while she was a companion to a daughter of the local nobility.
Maria was married at the age of 17 or 18 to a local landowner who served as a district judge. The marriage was unhappy. Maria's husband was originally wealthy, but lost his money gambling and going on sprees. They eventually separated, but only after Maria had given birth to her only son.
She moved to Saint Petersburg around 1830. Several years later she began writing to support herself and her child, and to pay off some of her husband's debts. Her first story appeared in 1837, and she published works regularly until her death. Her first success came with the two-volume 
story collection "Evenings on the Karpovka" (1838-1839). Her two-volume collection "Tales" (1840) was well-received, as was her "Sketches of Southern France and Nice" (1844). Some of Zhukova's stories are historical, and some are set abroad with non-Russian characters, a common feature of Russian fiction in the Romantic period.

Duffer may refer to:
In biology:

Hickleton and Thurnscoe Halt was a small railway station on the Hull and Barnsley Railway line between Wrangbrook Junction and Wath-upon-Dearne. The halt was built to serve the mining villages of Hickleton and Thurnscoe, near Barnsley, South Yorkshire and was situated in the centre of Thurnscoe at the point where the line crosses over the main Barnsley road. Hickleton village was situated over away.
The station was situated south of Moorhouse and South Elmsall and consisted of a single wooden platform with a single storey "Double Pavilion" style wooden station building. The platform surface was of gravel and the station opened on 28 August 1902 and closed, along with the others on the line, on 6 April 1929. 
The line was controlled by two standard H&B style signal boxes named "Hickleton Station" and "Hickleton Colliery".
Immediately south of the station was the entrance to Hickleton Main Colliery where the H&B shared sidings with the Swinton and Knottingley Joint Railway line.

Pietro Pasinati (21 July 1910 – 15 November 2000) was an Italian football player and manager, who played as a striker.
Pasinati was born in Trieste. During his club career, he played for Italian teams Triestina (1927–1939 and 1941–1946), A.C. Milan (1939–40), Novara Calcio (1940–41), Cremonese in Serie B (1946–48), and San Giovanni Trieste, in the third division (1948–49). With Triestina he played 256 Serie A matches.
With Italy, Pasinati obtained 10 international caps, scoring 1 goal, which came in his only appearance in the team's victorious 1938 FIFA World Cup campaign, which came in the nation's first round match against Norway.
Following his retirement, Pasinati coached Ponziana, Sambenedettese, Salernitana, Triestina, Catanzaro and Empoli. 
Pasinati died at 90 years old.

The Swordsman, also known as Swordsman, is a 1990 Hong Kong "wuxia" film. King Hu was credited as the director but he allegedly left the project midway, and the film was completed by a team led by producer Tsui Hark. The film is adapted from Louis Cha's novel "The Smiling, Proud Wanderer".
The film is set in the Ming dynasty, during the Wanli Emperor. Gu Jinfu, a eunuch from the spy agency Eastern Depot, leads a team to retrieve the "Chrysanthemum Manual", a martial arts manual which was stolen from the imperial palace. They track down and attack Lin Zhennan. Lin Zhennan encounters Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan, two students from the Mount Hua Sect, and asks them to inform his son, Lin Pingzhi, where the manual is hidden.
While making their way to rendezvous with their Mount Hua Sect fellows, Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan chance upon Liu Zhengfeng, who is planning to retire from the "jianghu" (martial artists' community) with his friend Qu Yang. Just then, Zuo Lengshan, who works for Eastern Depot, shows up with his men and tries to arrest Linghu Chong and Qu Yang. Linghu Chong and the others manage to escape, but Liu and Qu are seriously wounded in the process. Before committing suicide, Liu and Qu perform "Xiaoao Jianghu", a musical piece they composed together, and pass their instruments and the score to Linghu Chong.
Linghu Chong encounters the reclusive swordsman Feng Qingyang and learns the skill 'Nine Swords of Dugu' from him. He also finds out that his gentlemanly teacher, Yue Buqun, who leads the Mount Hua Sect, is actually a power-hungry hypocrite. In the meantime, Gu Jinfu's henchman, Ouyang Quan, impersonates Lin Pingzhi (who is dead) and infiltrates the Mount Hua Sect. He tricks Linghu Chong into revealing the whereabouts of the "Sunflower Manual" and then poisons him. Linghu Chong is saved by Ren Yingying and Lan Fenghuang from the Sun Moon Holy Cult. They combine forces to defeat and kill Zuo Lengshan and his men.
Around the same time, Yue Buqun, Ouyang Quan, Gu Jinfu and the others have arrived at the location where the "Sunflower Manual" is hidden and are fighting over the manual. Linghu Chong shows up, kills Gu Jinfu, exposes Yue Buqun's treachery and defeats him. He decides to spend the rest of his life roaming the "jianghu" with his friends.
The theme song of the film, "Chong Hoi Yat Sing Siu" (滄海一聲笑; "A Sound of Laughter in the Vast Sea"), was composed by James Wong, who also wrote its lyrics, and performed in Cantonese by Sam Hui.
The film grossed HK$16,052,552 at the Hong Kong box office.
Critical review of the film has found deep themes involving the film's exploration of the nature of power, loss, relationships and memory. The irony of the villains' search for the world's most powerful martial arts scroll is that it is repeatedly mistaken for a scroll containing the score for an eloquent song about the folly of man and the mystery of life.

Yuzhnouralsk () is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Uvelka River south of Chelyabinsk. Population: 
It was founded in 1948. Town status was granted to it on February 1, 1963.. It was one of the towns closest to the hypocenter of the blast from the 2013 Russian meteor event.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is, together with one rural locality, incorporated as the Town of Yuzhnouralsk—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the Town of Yuzhnouralsk is incorporated as Yuzhnouralsky Urban Okrug.

Melody Mountain is Norwegian group Susanna and the Magical Orchestra's second album, released in 2006. It is a collection of low-key cover versions from a variety of artists.
The most unknown contributor is Matt Burt; An American songwriter living in Trondheim, Norway. He has cooperated with the band Motorpsycho and also released a solo album where the song on this album is from.
Sandy Denny is the singer of Fairport Convention.
Love Will Tear Us Apart appeared in an episode of Grey's Anatomy.

A technical textile is a textile product manufactured for non-aesthetic purposes, where function is the primary criterion. Technical textiles include textiles for automotive applications, medical textiles (e.g., implants), geotextiles (reinforcement of embankments), agrotextiles (textiles for crop protection), and protective clothing (e.g., heat and radiation protection for fire fighter clothing, molten metal protection for welders, stab protection and bulletproof vests, and spacesuits).
It is a large and growing sector and supports a vast array of other industries. The global growth rates of technical textiles is about 4% per year greater than the growth of home and apparel textiles, which are growing at a rate of 1% per year. Currently, technical textile materials are most widely used in filter clothing, furniture, hygiene medicals and construction material.
Technical textiles can be divided into many categories, depending on their end use. The classification system developed by Techtextil, Messe Frankfurt Exhibition GmbH, is widely used in Europe, North America and Asia. Techtextil specifies 12 application areas: Agrotech, Buildtech, Clothtech, Geotech, Hometech, Indutech, Medtech, Mobiltech, Oekotech, Packtech, Protech, and Sporttech. These are sometimes spelled Agrotex, Buildtex, Clothtex, Geotex, Hometex, Indutex, Medtex, Mobiltex, Oekotex (Ecotex), Packtex, Protex and Sportex"
Textiles used in Agriculture are termed as agro textiles. They are used for crop protection, fertilisation, ... The essential properties required are strength, elongation, stiffness, and bio-degradation, resistance to sunlight and resistance to toxic environment. All these properties help with the growth and harvesting of crops and other foodstuffs. There is a growing interest in using materials which gradually degrade.
Some of the examples of agro textiles are:
Textiles used in construction - concrete reinforcement, façade foundation systems, interior construction, insulations, proofing materials, air conditioning, noise prevention, visual protection, protection against the sun, building safety.
An interesting and astethic appealing application is the use of textile membranes for roof construction. This area is also referred to as textile architecture. PVC coated high tenacity PES, teflon coated glass fibre fabrics or silicone coated PES are used for their low creep properties. Splendid examples of such construction are found in football stadia, airports and hotels.
Technical textiles for clothing applications. Especially in the finishing process where fabric is treated under pressure and high temperature the technical textile supports the fabric for smooth processing. This is usually the blend of polyester,modal,viscose,nylon,etc.
These are used in reinforcement of embankments or in constructional work. The fabrics in geo textiles are permeable fabrics and are used with soils having ability to separate, filter, protect or drain. The application areas include civil engineering, earth and road construction, dam engineering, soil sealing and in drainage systems. The fabric used in it must have good strength, durability, low moisture absorption and thickness. Mostly nonwoven and woven fabrics are used in it. Synthetic fibers like glass, polypropylene and acrylic fibers are used to prevent cracking of the concrete, plastic and other building materials. Polypropylene and polyester are used in geo textiles and dry/liquid filtration due to their compatibility.
Textiles used in a domestic environment - interior decoration and furniture, carpeting, protection against the sun, cushion materials, fireproofing, pillows, floor and wall coverings, textile reinforced structures/fittings.
In the contract market such as for large area buildings, ships, caravans, busses, ... fire retardant materials are used. Fire retardant properties are obtained either through the use of inherent fire retardant fibres such as modacryl or through the application of a coating with fire retardant additives (bromide of phosphorus compounds).
Textiles used for chemical and electrical applications and textiles related to mechanical engineering. Silk-screen printing, filtration, plasma screens, propulsion technology, lifting/conveying equipment, sound-proofing elements, melting processes, roller covers, grinding technology, insulations, seals, fuel cell.
Technical textiles for Lifting applications. Used in process of lifting heavy goods. The textile produced is strongly woven with High tenacity yarns and the fabric is treated with heat and high temperature controlling its elongations. This is usually made of High tenacity polyester and Nylon however HMPE yarns as Dyneema are also used.
These textiles are used in the construction of automobiles, railways, ships, aircraft and spacecraft. Examples are Truck covers (PVC coated PES fabrics), car trunk coverings (often needle felts), lashing belts for cargo tie downs, seat covers (knitted materials), seat belts, non-wovens for cabin air filtration (also covered in indutech), airbags, parachutes, boats (inflatable), air balloons.
These textiles are used in automobiles, ships and aircraft. Many coated and reinforced textiles are used in materials for engines such as air ducts, timing belts, air filters, non-wovens for engine sound isolation... A number of materials are also used in the interior of cars. The most obvious are seat covers, safety belts and airbags but one can find textiles also for the sealing. Nylon gives strength and its bursting strength being high is used as air bags in cars.
Carbon composites are mostly used in the manufacture of aeroplane parts while carbon fibre is used for making higher end tyres. High tensile polyester is used for making air balloons.
New applications for textiles in environmental protection applications - floor sealing, erosion protection, air cleaning, prevention of water pollution, water cleaning, waste treatment/recycling, depositing area construction, product extraction, domestic water sewerage plants.
Packaging, silos, containers, bags, lashing straps, canvas covers, marquee tents.
The main target of the technical protective fabrics is to improve people safety in their workplaces. A technical protective fabric can save a worker's life, that's why, most of them are mainly used to manufacture PPE (personal protective equipment). 
The demand of these fabrics is growing around the world thanks to the sensibilitization of the society, requiring more safety at work. There are some organizations around the world (ASTM and ISO) which describe the requirements and regulations, to fulfill by a fabric, to be considered as a technical protective fabric.
The aim of a technical protective fabric isn't fashion, they are designed to have extra values in protection, against some hazards.
Nowadays it can be found in the market, technical fabrics which protect of: 
These fabrics are made of different kind of fibers, because every blend apports different technical characteristics to the fabric:
Shoes, sports equipment, flying and sailing sports, climbing, angling, cycling, winter and summer sports, indoor sport it can vary from anything including sports bags.
For industrial applications and in power transmission, technical textiles are used in conveyor belts. Carcass is a fabric inside the conveyor belt, which is responsible for the strength and stretch properties of the belt. This carcass is made with layers of woven fabrics bonded together.
It has been heard that soon textiles will be merged with electronics in all areas. In future wearable computers would be launched, these will not be like advance wrist watches etc., they will contain IC s in fabric to develop fabric keyboards and other wearable computer devices. These types of products are known as Interactive electronic textiles (IET). Research to support IET development is being conducted in many universities. Growing consumer interest in mobile, electronic devices will initiate the demand for IET products.

The Daily Star is the largest circulating daily English-language newspaper in Bangladesh. Founded by Syed Mohammed Ali on 14 January 1991, as Bangladesh transitioned and restored parliamentary democracy, "The Daily Star" emerged as a leading and influential national newspaper of record. The newspaper's position in Bangladesh is comparable to that of "The New York Times" in the United States and "The Independent" in the United Kingdom.
Its motto, "Committed to People's Right to Know", appears on the upper-middle section of the front page. The newspaper is led by Mahfuz Anam, a freedom fighter and former United Nations official. Its principal bureaus are located in Dhaka and Chittagong, with several representatives abroad. It is organized into sections: News, Opinion and Editorial, Star Business, Star Sports, Arts and Entertainment, National and Metropolitan. Its major supplements include "The Star", "Forum", "Lifestyle", "Star Literature", "Law & Our Rights", "Shout", "Star Insight" and "Science and Life".
"The Daily Star" is owned by Mediaworld, in which a major share is held by Latifur Rahman's Transcom Group. The Transcom Group also owns "Prothom Alo", one of the most widely read Bengali newspapers in the world.
Mahfuz Anam, editor and publisher of "The Daily Star", is also on its six-member board of directors, of which Rokia Afzal Rahman is chairman. The board deals with financial matters.
The general section of the newspaper is headed by Dr Salehuddin Ahmed, its managing editor, while the news team is led by Syed Ashfaqul Haque, chief news editor. Ahmed Ali is in charge of the Metro. Other leaders are AFM Jamaluddin (establishment manager), Mizanur Rahman (accounts manager), Selim S.H. Chowdhury (production and events manager), and Sher Ali (advertising manager).
The online version of "The Daily Star" as a leading English daily newspaper of Bangladesh is updating 24/7 with latest, breaking, politics, business, technology, world, entertainment, sports, lifestyle and crime news.
"The Daily Star" publishes a number of supplements along with its 24-page main publication.
In 2016, speaking at a panel discussion on ATN News, editor Mahfuz Anam admitted that "The Daily Star" ran stories fed to the newspaper by military intelligence outfit DGFI in 2007 and 2008. The stories accused eventual prime minister Sheikh Hasina of corruption. This led to demands in parliament by several lawmakers calling for the trial of Mahfuz Anam and "The Daily Star" publisher Latifur Rahman.

The Town of Narrogin was a local government area of Western Australia for the town of Narrogin in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, south-east of the capital, Perth along Great Southern Highway. It amalgamated with the Shire of Narrogin in 2016, with the new entity retaining that name.
On 13 April 1906, the Municipality of Narrogin came into being. On 1 July 1961, it became a Town under the "Local Government Act 1960". On 1 July 2016, it amalgamated with the Shire of Narrogin. The new entity retained the designation of Shire.
At the time of amalgamation, the town had nine councillors and no wards.

Zheng Min (born in 1920 in Minhou, Fuzhou, Fujian) is a Chinese scholar and poet. She studied philosophy in China and has published modernist poetry since her student days in the early 1940s. In the 1940s, she traveled to the United States, gaining an MA in literature from Brown University, and returned to China in 1955. Together with eight other poets, she is thought of as one of the 'Nine Leaves' school of poetry; her work is included in "The Nine Leaves" (1980). Zheng lectures at Beijing Normal University.

Nathaniel James Dusing (born November 25, 1978) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic medalist, and former world champion.
Dusing represented the United States at two consecutive Summer Olympics. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, he earned a silver medal by swimming for the second-place U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the men's 4×200-meter freestyle relay. Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, he received a bronze medal by swimming for the third-place U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the men's 4×100-meter freestyle relay.
He was also a member of gold medal-winning U.S. relay teams in the 4×100-meter freestyle at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, and the 2004 World Short Course Championships.


The European Design Awards, also known as the ED-Awards, are annual awards presented to European designers for outstanding work in the communication design field. The ED-Awards is a joint initiative of design magazines from across Europe and endorsed by the International Council of Design.
The ED-Awards are judged by a panel of representatives (journalists and design critics) from fifteen European design magazines, while the winning submissions are featured in the ED-Awards Catalogue.
The ED-Awards is different than other design awards schemes in the way that the jury comprises not of peers (designers), but of design journalists and critics – people who see and judge work for a living.
Further more, since the ED-Awards organisation is made up of design magazines, it provides an opportunity for everyone submitting work, to have it featured in a number of these media. A lot of stories and articles are being created through the submitted work every year.
The jury consists of fifteen representatives from high-profile European design magazines.
There are 35 award categories, in seven groups, covering branding, packaging, exhibition design, typography, digital design, illustration and self-promotion, among others. There are also three special distinctions: Agency of the year, Best of show and Jury prize.
The top accolade in the ED-Awards is every time, the distinction bestowed upon the most (creatively) successful studio of the continent. This title has so far been awarded to:
Each year's results are announced during a ceremony which is hosted in a different European city. So far, the European Design Awards ceremonies (and accompanying events) have been hosted by:

Ulmus 'Exoniensis', the 'Exeter Elm', was discovered near Exeter, England, in 1826, and propagated by the Ford & Please nursery in that city. Traditionally believed to be a cultivar of the Wych Elm "U. glabra", its fastigiate shape when young, upward-curving tracery, small samarae and leaves, late leaf-flush and late leaf-fall, taken with its south-west England provenance, suggest a link with the Cornish Elm, which shares these characteristics.
The tree initially has an upright, columnar form, but later develops a large rounded crown and occasionally reaches 17 m in height. Older specimens may develop pendulous branches. Exeter Elm is chiefly distinguished by its contorted leaves, < 11 cm long by 8 cm broad, which occasionally wrap around the branchlets and remain thus well into winter. 'Exoniensis' is often pollarded to produce a denser, fan-shaped crown (see main picture). 
'Exoniensis' possesses a moderate resistance to Dutch elm disease, and consequently often featured in the Dutch elm breeding programme in association with the Field Elm ("U. minor") and Himalayan Elm ("U. wallichiana").
Once commonly planted in the UK and parts of western Europe, 'Exoniensis' is also known to have been marketed in Poland in the 19th century by the Ulrich nursery, Warsaw, and remains in commerce there. The Späth nursery of Berlin cultivated the tree as "U. montana fastigiata" ("U. exoniensis" ) from the early 20th century. It is possible that three trees supplied by the Späth nursery to the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh in 1902 as "U. montana fastigiata" were Exeter Elm, old specimens of which survive in Edinburgh (it was the practice of the Garden to distribute trees about the city). In Sweden 'Exoniensis' is sometimes pruned from an early age to form a tidy cone-shaped tree called locally 'pyramidalm' (: pyramid elm - also one of Späth's names for 'Exoniensis'). It is found in Australia at the Ballarat Botanical Gardens where it is listed on the Significant Tree Register of the National Trust, but is not known to have been introduced to North America.
A 180-year-old specimen in Hamburg has attained a height of 28 m and a trunk diameter of 1.45 m. The UK TROBI Champion tree is in Scotland, at Baxter Gardens, Dundee, measuring 15 m high by 103 cm d.b.h. in 2004. The cultivar is represented in Éire by a tree at Birr Castle (Mount Palmer), County Offaly, with a d.b.h. of 29 cm when measured in 2002.
'Clusius', 'Columella', 'Dodoens', 'Lobel', 'Plantyn', 'Nanguen' = ™, 'Wanoux' = ™. The cultivar 'Columella' features the same rough, rounded, contorted leaves, the result of a recessive gene inherited from the Exeter Elm. 
'Exoniensis' also indirectly featured in the Italian elm breeding programme as an ancestor of 'Plantyn', which was crossed with clones of the Siberian Elm "Ulmus pumila" to produce the cultivars 'Arno', 'Plinio', and 'San Zanobi'.
<section begin=Synonymy />
<section end=Synonymy />

The Indira Gandhi Prize or the Indira Gandhi Peace Prize or the Indira Gandhi Prize for Peace, Disarmament and Development is the prestigious award accorded annually by India to individuals or organisations in recognition of creative efforts toward promoting international peace, development and a new international economic order; ensuring that scientific discoveries are used for the larger good of humanity, and enlarging the scope of freedom. The prize carries a cash award of 2.5 million Indian rupees and a citation. A written work, in order to be eligible for consideration, should have been published. The panel constituted by the Indira Gandhi Memorial Trust consists of prominent national and international personalities including previous recipients. The recipients are chosen from a pool of national and international nominees.

In ring theory, a branch of mathematics, semiprime ideals and semiprime rings are generalizations of prime ideals and prime rings. In commutative algebra, semiprime ideals are also called radical ideals.
For example, in the ring of integers, the semiprime ideals are the zero ideal, along with those ideals of the form formula_1 where "n" is a square-free integer. So, formula_2 is a semiprime ideal of the integers (because 30 = 2 × 3 × 5, with no repeated prime factors), but formula_3 is not (because 12 = 2 × 3, with a repeated prime factor).
The class of semiprime rings includes semiprimitive rings, prime rings and reduced rings.
Most definitions and assertions in this article appear in and .
For a commutative ring "R", a proper ideal "A" is a semiprime ideal if "A" satisfies either of the following equivalent conditions:
The latter condition that the complement is "closed under powers" is analogous to the fact that complements of prime ideals are closed under multiplication.
As with prime ideals, this is extended to noncommutative rings "ideal-wise". The following conditions are equivalent definitions for a semiprime ideal "A" in a ring "R":
Here again, there is a noncommutative analogue of prime ideals as complements of m-systems. A nonempty subset "S" of a ring "R" is called an n-system if for any "s" in "S", there exists an "r" in "R" such that "srs" is in "S". With this notion, an additional equivalent point may be added to the above list:
The ring "R" is called a semiprime ring if the zero ideal is a semiprime ideal. In the commutative case, this is equivalent to "R" being a reduced ring, since "R" has no nonzero nilpotent elements. In the noncommutative case, the ring merely has no nonzero nilpotent right ideals. So while a reduced ring is always semiprime, the converse is not true.
To begin with, it is clear that prime ideals are semiprime, and that for commutative rings, a semiprime primary ideal is prime.
While the intersection of prime ideals is not usually prime, it "is" a semiprime ideal. Shortly it will be shown that the converse is also true, that every semiprime ideal is the intersection of a family of prime ideals.
For any ideal "B" in a ring "R", we can form the following sets:
The set formula_5 is the definition of the radical of "B" and is clearly a semiprime ideal containing "B", and in fact is the smallest semiprime ideal containing "B". The inclusion above is sometimes proper in the general case, but for commutative rings it becomes an equality.
With this definition, an ideal "A" is semiprime if and only if formula_6. At this point, it is also apparent that every semiprime ideal is in fact the intersection of a family of prime ideals. Moreover, this shows that the intersection of any two semiprime ideals is again semiprime.
By definition "R" is semiprime if and only if formula_7, that is, the intersection of all prime ideals is zero. This ideal formula_8 is also denoted by formula_9 and also called Baer's lower nilradical or the Baer-Mccoy radical or the prime radical of "R".


Melissa Ashley Graham (born in Coventry, England) is an English singer and songwriter, who is most famous as a lead singer and a member of the 90s British-American girlband Solid HarmoniE.
Graham joined Solid HarmoniE as an original member in 1995 and signed their first record deal in New York with Jive/Zomba records. They had success in the following few years. The band enjoyed considerable success and popularity in Germany, Netherlands, Philippines, Japan, and Malaysia, where they had toured on different occasions during 1997 until 1998. They released one album and five singles until the group split up in 1999. During this time they sold over 2 million records and Toured with the Backstreet Boys, Nysnc, Peter Andre amongst others.
In 2014 she reunited with band members Beki Onslow and Elisa Cariera for a reunion tour and they released a new single called 'Circus' which was written by Melissa Graham and Tim Laws. 
Melissa started a solo career in 1999 and started a new album in the Netherlands where her former band had been cordially received by the fans. Her first single "Bulletproof" was released on 6 November 2000 in Germany and it was recorded to reach 89 of German top 100.
Shortly after two more singles "Welcome to my World" and "Hello World" (Belle Perez Cover) were released which were reasonable successful in the Netherlands. She was still to finish her solo album as of 2003, but her album was never released due to some unresolved issues with her recording company.
Melissa was also the face of Italian clothing company Freesoul. She also appeared in a 6-page feature in FHM, making the 'Girls of Summer' Special edition 2001.
Songwriting/Composition
She then went on to write a number one single for Girl Band 'Raffish' with 'Plaything'. She also co-wrote the title track to 'The Afroz' album, called 'Aint it Funny'.
In 2015 she co wrote and sang on Warriors of the Dystotheque's first Album 'The Future is Ours'. The track was called Atom Vibe. This Album was received warmly on Radio BBC2 and BBC6 Music, BBC Radio 6 Music BBC Radio 1 Across The Line Electric Mainline RTE 2XM BBC Introducing in Coventry and Warwickshire.
In 2017 she was commissioned to write and produce the Title track and incidental music for an up coming TV series. The name of the series has not yet been released as is still in production.
Academia
She studied Paramedic Science at University of Coventry and was awarded a First Class Honours Degree in Emergency Practice from Derby University. She still holds a paramedic Licence. 
ACTING
Melissa has attended the BSA (Birmingham School of Acting) and started her acting career in a few short films. 
She took a small but pertinent role in the short Sci Fi Film I.R.I.S. with film director Hazraf 'HaZ' Dullul
In 2016 she starred in Mera Mahi NRI alongside actors Kulvinder Ghir (Goodness Gracious Me) and Hardy Sandu. This was released in Spring 2017.
She also took a featured role in the upcoming Sci Fi Thriller 'The Beyond' which is the brain child of talented producer and VFX genius Hazraf 'HaZ' Dulull. The Beyond will be available in the US on January 9th 2018 via Amazon, Google Play, iTunes, Vimeo, Vudu, Microsoft XBOX, YouTube, Cox Communications, Dish Communications, Suddenly and Verizion Fios. 
She has also been credited as assistant production manager and casting director for this Movie.
DJ
Melissa started DJing around 2 years ago and is producing her first EP one half of the EAT VEGANS collective. The EAT VEGANS are set to release their First EP in Spring 2018. She favours Deep House and progressive house but plays a few different genres and played at Sol House Ibiza in 2016. 
TV APPEARANCES
Melissa and Solid HarmoniE have appeared on The National Lottery, TOTP and Melissa was recently Featured on BBC2's 'Never Mind the Buzzcocks' with Kriss Akabusi, Katy B, Johnny Borell, Alex Brooker and was hosted by Jack Whitehall.
IMBD
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm4622020/?ref_=nv_sr_1
http://www.comingsoon.net/horror/news/889393-exclusive-the-beyond-trailer-premiere
https://itunes.apple.com/gb/album/the-future-is-ours-ep/id1039460728

A list of Novara Calcio players past and present.

Johann Baptist Albin Rauter (4 February 1895 – 24 March 1949) was a high-ranking Austrian-born Nazi war criminal. He was the highest SS and Police Leader in the occupied Netherlands and therefore the leading security and police officer there during the period of 1940–1945. He reported directly to the Nazi SS-chief, Heinrich Himmler, and in the second instance to the Nazi governor of the Netherlands, Arthur Seyss-Inquart. After World War II he was convicted in the Netherlands of crimes against humanity and executed by firing squad.
Born in Klagenfurt, Rauter graduated from High school in 1912 and started training as an Engineer at the Graz University of Technology. At the outbreak of World War I Rauter volunteered for service in the Austro-Hungarian Army. He served with a "Gebirgsschützenregiment" and was discharged in 1919, having reached the rank of Oberleutnant. Rauter took part in the "Kärntner Freiheitskampf" of 1919, and from May until July 1921 he fought in the Freikorps Oberland in Oberschlesien. For his service during the war, Rauter received several decorations including Austrian Military Merit Cross 3rd Class with War decoration, Silver Medal for Bravery, Wound Medal or Karl Troop Cross.
Rauter first met Adolf Hitler in 1929 and joined the National Socialist cause in Austria. His forays in Austria forced him to flee to Germany in 1933, where he became part of the NSDAP department for Austria. He joined the SA, and was active in planning illegal NSDAP activities in Austria. In 1935 he left the SA to become a member of the SS. Until 1940 he was the Leader of the SS Southeast department in Breslau.
In May 1940 he was appointed "Generalkommissar für das Sicherheitswesen" (General Commissioner for Security) and "Höherer SS-und Polizeiführer" (Higher SS and Police leader) for the occupied Netherlands. In his position as police commander and highest ranking SS leader in the Netherlands, Rauter was responsible for the deportation of 110,000 Dutch Jews to the Nazi concentration camps (6,000 survived) and the repression of the Dutch resistance. He had 300,000 Dutchmen deported to Germany for forced labour. His first victims to die were those killed during the armed break up of the February strike on 26 February 1941, accounting for 9 dead that day: he also immediately declared a state of emergency and ordered summary executions.
He was the chief promoter of terror through summary arrests and internment in the Netherlands. The SS set up a concentration camp named Herzogenbusch after the city of 's-Hertogenbosch, but located in the neighboring town of Vught that gave the camp its name: Kamp Vught. In total this camp detained 31,000 people, of whom some 735 were killed. Also, his SS manned a so-called "polizeiliches Durchgangslager" or police transit camp near Amersfoort, known as Kamp Amersfoort, in fact also a concentration camp, where some 35,000 people were detained and maltreated and 650 people (Dutch and Russian) died. Rauter's SS also managed the Kamp Westerbork ("polizeiliches Durchgangslager Westerbork"), the place from which some 110,000 Dutch Jews were deported to Nazi concentration and extermination camps, mainly Auschwitz and Sobibor.
Under Rauter's guidance, a special block was built for 'political prisoners' (i.e. resistance workers) in the Scheveningen prison. These were often held in indefinite detention. In total 28,000 people were detained here over 4 years; many were severely mistreated, some were tried and 738 men and 21 women died here or on the nearby execution field, the Waalsdorpervlakte (now a national place of remembrance).
Rauter also instigated a system of retaliation for assaults on Nazi officials and their Dutch collaborators: one killed Nazi equalled ten Dutch victims, one killed Dutch collaborator equalled three Dutch victims. During 1944 these numbers sharply increased with the rise of resistance violence.
During the Allied assault on Arnhem in Operation Market Garden, Rauter took the active field command of the "Kampfgruppe Rauter" during operations in the Veluwe area and near the bridges over the IJssel river. "Kampfgruppe Rauter" consisted of the Landstorm Nederland, "Wachbataillon Nordwest" and a regiment of the "Ordnungspolizei". After the assault on Arnhem had been fought off by the Germans, Rauter was given the command of the Maas front as a General in the Waffen-SS.
In the night of 7 to 8 March 1945 he was severely wounded by an attack staged by the Dutch resistance at "Woeste Hoeve" on the Veluwe, a little village between Arnhem and Apeldoorn. As a reprisal the Germans executed 117 political prisoners at the location of the attack as well as 50 prisoners in Kamp Amersfoort and 40 prisoners each in The Hague and Rotterdam. This attack had not been planned; the resistance merely wanted to hijack a truck and use it to drive to a farmer who had butchered cows for the German army. Instead of the truck, Rauter's BMW motorcar was stopped by members of the resistance dressed in German uniforms. However, Rauter had just two weeks earlier issued a directive stating that German patrols should not stop any German military vehicles outside towns or villages, and a firefight broke out. His fellow passengers were all killed, but Rauter feigned death and survived. He was found by a German military patrol and transferred to a hospital where he remained until his arrest by British Military Police after the end of hostilities.
Rauter was handed over to the Dutch government by the British and was tried by a special court in The Hague. Rauter denied committing war crimes but the court found him guilty and sentenced him to death. A film record was made of the trial.
The death sentence was confirmed by a higher court on 12 January 1949 and he was executed by firing squad near Scheveningen on 24 March 1949. The location of his grave remains a state secret.


Self-nom. After the old test nomination I've fixed several proposals and checked out the article's perspectives. Several applicable suggetsions have been fixed after an automated peer review. I've made a further expanding and severe editing trying to give a detailed and in-depth (as far as it possible) coverage. Recent copyedit was done by . Thanks, -- 12:00, 2 November 2006 (UTC)
Oppose. Still. Completely. The prose ain't near close. Very obvious problems with the first sentence haven't been corrected since the first FAC. Don't go looking for pics Brand--find someone to edit this, and have some patience doing so. Contact me on talk and I'll try to go over it. Give Tony (who gets a lot of requests) a month or so, without pestering him. It can be improved, but as it stands this article is not near FA quality and should be delisted. 22:53, 3 November 2006 (UTC)

The Desert Sun is a local daily newspaper serving Palm Springs and the surrounding Coachella Valley in Southern California.
It is owned by Gannett publications since 1988 and acquired the Indio "Daily News" in 1990 to become the sole local newspaper.
First issued on August 5, 1927, as a weekly six-page newspaper, "The Desert Sun" grew with the desert communities. It covers local, state, national and world news, and has developed a variety of sections over time.
The newspaper began to publish six days a week in 1948 and had their first Sunday edition on September 8, 1991. Their circulation to date is 50,000 and their distribution range is in regional communities from Beaumont to Twentynine Palms to the Salton Sea.
"The Desert Sun"'s headquarters are in Palm Springs, in an office complex built in 1991 to replace a smaller building.
"The Desert Sun" publishes the "Desert Post Weekly", a variety entertainment paper available on every Thursday in the distribution range, as well as city-specific publications "The Indio Sun", "The La Quinta Sun", "The Palm Springs Weekend", "The Palm Desert Sun" and "The Cathedral City Sun".
In 2010, the second page of the primary section is known as "7 by 7:30AM", to focus on the editor's selected seven most important stories of the day. The namesake was to estimate how long it takes to read the second page in half an hour (from 7:00 AM to 7:30 AM).

Influencer marketing (also influence marketing) is a form of marketing in which focus is placed on influential people rather than the target market as a whole. It identifies the individuals that have influence over potential buyers, and orients marketing activities around these influencers.
Influencer content may be framed as testimonial advertising where they play the role of a potential buyer themselves, or they may be third parties. These third parties exist either in the supply chain (retailers, manufacturers, etc.) or may be so-called value-added influencers (such as journalists, academics, industry analysts, professional advisers, and so on).
The idea of a "two-step flow of communication" was introduced in "The People's Choice" (Paul Lazarsfeld, Bernard Berelson, and Hazel Gaudet, a 1940 study on the decision making process of voters. This idea was further developed in "Personal Influence" (Lazarsfeld, Elihu Katz 1955) and "The Effects of Mass Communication" (Joseph Klapper 1960).
Most discussion on the generic topic of social influence centres on compliance and persuasion in a social environment, as exemplified in Robert Cialdini’s book "Influence: Science and Practice". In the context of influencer marketing, influence is less about argument and coercion to a particular point of view, and more about loose interactions between various parties in a community. Influence is often equated to advocacy, but may also be negative, and is thus related to concepts of promoters and detractors.
Influencer marketing tends to be broken into two sub-practices: earned influencer marketing and paid influencer marketing. Earned marketing stems from unpaid or preexisting relationships with influencers or third party content that is promoted by the influencer to further their own personal social growth. Paid influencer marketing campaigns can take the form of sponsorship, pre-roll advertising or testimonial messaging and can appear at any point in the content. Budgets vary widely and are usually based on audience reach.
Some marketers use influencer marketing to establish credibility in the market, others to create social conversations around their brand, others yet to drive online or in-store sales of their products. The influencer marketer can also take to marketing diversified products and services leveraging, leveraging upon the credibility earned over time. Therefore, the value that influencer marketing creates can be measured in multiple ways. Some marketers measure Earned Media Value (EMV), others track impressions, and others track Cost Per Action (CPA).
Influencer marketing derives its value from 3 sources:
Influencer Marketing, as increasingly practiced in a commercial context, comprises four main activities:
Influencer Marketing is enhanced by a continual evaluation activity that sits alongside the four main activities.
Influencer Marketing is not synonymous with word of mouth marketing (WOM), but influence may be transmitted in this manner. Thus WOM is a core part of the mechanics of Influencer Marketing.
There are substantial differences in the definition of what an influencer is. Peck defines influencers as "a range of third parties who exercise influence over the organization and its potential customers". Similarly, Brown and Hayes define an influencer as "a third party who significantly shapes the customer's purchasing decision, but may never be accountable for it.". Keller and Berry note that influencers are activists, are well-connected, have impact, have active minds, and are trendsetters, though this set of attributes is aligned specifically to consumer markets.
Exactly what is included in Influencer Marketing depends on the context (retail or B2B) and the medium of influence transmission (online or offline, or both). But it is increasingly accepted that companies are keen to identify and engage with influencers. As Keller and Berry note, "Business is working "harder" and paying "more" to pursue people who are trying to watch and listen "less" to its messages." Targeting influencers is seen as a means of amplifying marketing messages, in order to counteract the growing tendency of prospective customers to ignore marketing.
The first step in influencer marketing is to identify influencers. Influencers are specific to discrete market segments, and are used as conduits to the entire target segment. While there are lists of generic influencers (such as the Time 100) they have limited use in marketing programmes targeted at specific segments. You can use social media tools to find influencers based on keywords or those that belong to specific industry verticals.
Additionally, market research techniques can be used to identify influencers, using pre-defined criteria to determine the extent and type of influence. For example, Keller and Berry propose five attributes of influencers:
In his study of what traits are associated with the top influencers, Barry found 4 archetypes of influencers
Gladwell (2000) notes that “the success of any kind of social epidemic is heavily dependent on the involvement of people with a particular and rare set of social gifts”. Gladwell (2000) identified 3 different types of influencer: 
Connectors network across a variety of people, and thus have a wide reach. They are essential for word of mouth communication (Brown and Hayes, 2008). Mavens look to consume information and share it with others, they are extremely insightful with regards to trends (Brown and Hayes 2008). Finally, Salesmen are ‘charismatic persuaders’. There source of influence leans towards the tendency of others to attempt to imitate their behaviour. These 3 groups according to Gladwell (2000) are responsible for the ‘generation, communication and adoption’ of messages.  
Most of the literature on influencers focuses on consumer markets. There is less insight into business-to-business influencers. A key distinction between consumer and business markets is that most of the focus in consumer markets is on consumer influencers themselves. This is because word of mouth communication is prevalent in consumer environments. In business marketing, influencers are people that affect a sale, but are typically removed from the actual purchase decision. Consultants, analysts, journalists, academics, regulators, standards bodies are examples of business influencers.
Not all business influencers are equal. Some have more influence than others, and some mechanism of ranking is required, to distinguish between key influencers and less impactful people. A model for ranking business influencers has been developed by Influencer50, thus:
Several other companies including Ammo Marketing, Liquid Intelligence and DesignKarma Inc. in the US, Agent Wildfire in Canada, SCB Partners in Europe and Vocanic in Asia have developed their own proprietary methodologies for identifying and targeting influencers for a market (or market sector).
Fred Reichheld, a consultant at Bain & Company, has developed a methodology to determine the extent to which firms' growth is influenced by customers' propensity to make referrals to colleagues. Reichheld distills his research down to a single question: how likely is it that you would recommend company X to a friend or colleague? From answers to this question, a Net Promoter Score is determined, which correlates strongly with a firm's growth rate.
Fake influencers has been around as long as real influencers are. All metrics that are used to determine the realness of an influencer account can be fabricated. Instagram has shut down third-party sites and apps like Instagress, InstaPlus, and PeerBoost, all of which provide paid services to individual accounts for buying followers, likes, comments and more. Despite these shutdowns, self hosted Instagram automation apps such as FollowLiker continue to evade Instagram legal threats and continue to thrive. 
A marketing agency recently conducted an experiment to test whether fake influencer accounts can profit, the company created two fictitious Instagram influencer accounts grown completely with bought followers and engagement (likes and comments) and applied to campaigns on popular influencer marketing platforms. They published their experiment online with step-by-step explanation of how the two accounts are created, and the brands that sponsored them.
Web services can be used to trawl social media sites for users that exert influence in their respective communities. The social influencer marketing firm then asks those influencers to try client products or services and discuss them on their respective social networks. Clients can then observe, through an enhanced digital dashboard, with metrics that measure the dissemination of brand mentions across numerous web platforms.
There are at least 70 companies offering online influence measurement. Advocates of this online-only approach claim that online activity reflects (or pre-empts) the trends in offline transactions. For example, Razorfish released one of the first social influencer marketing reports, entitled Fluent. The report discusses many theories surrounding social marketing, including the importance of the push/pull dynamic and online consumer empowerment, authenticity and importance of buzz marketing.
In addition, online activity can be a core part of offline decision making, as consumers research products and review sites.
Critics of this online-only approach argue that only researching online sources misses critical influential individuals and inputs. They note that much influential exchange of information occurs in the offline world, and is not captured in online media. Indeed, the majority of consumer exchanges occurs face-to-face, not in an online environment, as evidenced by Carl. He notes that "an overwhelming majority of word-of-mouth (WOM) episodes (nearly 80%) ... occur in face-to-face interpersonal settings, while online WOM accounted for only seven to ten percent of the reported (WOM) episodes."
Carl concludes that "The majority of the WOM action still seems to be happening in the offline world. These findings are especially provocative since they emerge at a time when more and more organizations are paying attention to how their brands are discussed online and recent academic research has focused on online WOM. Thus it is important for organizations to keep both online and offline conversations on their radar screen."
Keller Fay announced in 2007 that "While experts have previously estimated that 80% of marketing-relevant word of mouth takes place “offline” (i.e., face-to-face or via telephone), the new results indicate that this figure is even higher – 92%."
More recently, Nate Elliott at Forrester observed that "the huge majority of users influence each other face to face rather than through social online channels like blogs and social networks."
And the Fluent report, though generally orientated towards online measures admits that "it is necessary to remember the effect that offline social activity has on purchasing decisions." It also notes that survey "respondents trust offline friends most, with 73 percent indicating near or complete trust versus just 33 percent for online friends."
With any Marketing Strategy, risks are involved. In recent months, there have been reports of brands dropping their influencers because of the controversies that surround them . One such influencer is famous YouTuber, PewDiePie , who made sensitive racial comments regarding specific communities. Brands therefore need to understand the type of social media influencers they engage with so as to minimise their risks and maximise their online investments.
Sources of influencers can be varied. Marketers traditionally target influencers that are easy to identify, such as press, industry analysts and high profile executives. For most B2C purchases, however, influencers might include people known to the purchaser and the retailer staff. In higher value B2B transactions the community of influencers may be wide and varied, and include consultants, government-backed regulators, financiers and user communities.
Forrester analyst Michael Speyer notes that, for small and medium-size business, "IT sales are influenced by many parties, including peers, consultants, bloggers, and technology resellers". He advises that "Vendors need to identify and characterize the influencers in their market. This requires a comprehensive influencer identification program and the establishment of criteria for ranking influencer impact on the decision process."
As well as a variety of influencer sources, influencers can play a variety of roles at different times in a decision process. This idea has been developed in Influencer Marketing by Brown & Hayes. They map out how and when particular types of influencer affect the decision process. This then enables marketers to selectively target influencers depending on their individual profile of influence.
The influence of bloggers and other social media users is a topic of much discussion. This is covered in depth in Paul Gillin’s The New Influencers. Brown & Hayes also cover the subject but are less convinced of the importance of the impact of social media, particularly in B2B settings.
In order to achieve the purpose of the business clients, Influencer should deliver a change in attitude towards the client’s brand or product. The change of the attitude from the viewer takes places from the contents that influencer produces. The change itself is believed as a psychological process in human mind. The psychological process can be explained under the RACE model. RACE stands for reach, act convert and engage. These four steps are designed to help brands engage with their customers throughout the customer lifecycle.
1.Reach: This step is about finding the available influencer and accessing the information distribution channel. Influencer has his or her own expertise, which their followers value a lot. And these followers trust recommendations from a third party more often than a brand itself. So endorsements from related influencer would function as a review of the product rather than a simple advertisement, which most followers regards as little or no credibility. In general, people who followed the influencer share their field of interest. Therefore, they are more likely to purchase the product. Landing on a proper influencer will support the brand to lock in their target customer group.     
2. Act: Act means encouraging participation by creating a secondary marketing campaign to generate greater awareness to reach a larger scale of target consumers. In this case, it means encouraging target customers to share their opinions on social media in order to participate in the subject. Taking this idea into practice, influencers usually share their honest review of the product or demonstrate the function of the product in real life cases in terms of solving a problem or improving the current condition. The influencer should start a discussion that leads target customers' attention onto the subject and present the solution with the product. Target customers would engage in the discussion so that they can develop their own understanding of the product value.
3. Convert: In this step, influencers should convert their followers into customers of the product. After forming the understanding of the product, it is time to make a purchase decision. Influencer marketing is believed as a powerful tool to generate sales since a study by McKinsey showed that “marketing-induced consumer-to-consumer word of mouth generates more than twice the sales of paid advertising.” And of those that were acquired through word-of-mouth had a 37 percent higher retention rate. The trigger is often in the format of coupon, which is only valid for a short period of time. The coupon would push the target customer to buy the product right now rather than later. Because not only they will forget about it, but also they will lose the desire for the product.
4. Engage: As for this stage, building customer relationship is the key point. Influencers should turn the first time customer into a loyal customer of the product. A foundational element to unwavering loyalty that is often overlooked is a consumer’s loyalty to themselves. Brands seek people that naturally fit their desired persona and let their authentic passion shine through. In this way, customer loyalty is built through the engagement made by the influencers.    
There are thousands of large social media accounts that are not connected to a personality. We call these "themed pages". Companies looking to reap the benefits of large reach without paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to top celebrities have the option to use themed pages. As of this writing, the average CPM is between $1-$3 when using these types of pages. The key is to find the sweet spot between the "influence" of celebrities and the reach of the post. Companies that are looking to promote a large product launch should heavily consider influencer marketing with themed pages. Celebrities tend to do better for brand recognition and branding. 
There many types of companies offering influencer marketing services and software. The influencer marketing landscape is a fragmented space with 133 providers. The providers can be broken down into 4 distinct types. and should be considered differently in various situations. Consider taking time to read the quick start guide. 

Aras Free Trade - Industrial Zone (abbreviated as AFZ) is located in the Northwest of Iran at the border point with neighboring Armenia, Azerbaijan and the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. According to the Decree "No. 20708/T/530820", dated 28 June 2005 by the Board of Ministers, the area of the Aras Free Zone included 9,700 hectares of the lands of the region. This area was expanded on 4 December 2008 to 51,000 hectares based on the new decree of this Board, including some parts of the Jolfa and Kaleybar towns.
This approved area in the attached part has increased the main district from 9,700 hectares to 20,500 hectares, and in three detached parts makes up totally 51,000 hectares of entire Aras Free Zone including a part of the Kaleibar city with the area of 24,000 hectares (called Gholi Beig Lou) and the vicinity of Khodafarin Dam with the area of 6,100 hectares as well as the district of Norduz Customs (Iran-Armenia border) with the area of 240 hectares.
This organization was established by the decree of the Islamic Consultative Assembly on 24 August 2003 in order to accelerate the economic development of this region.
The city of Jolfa is located in the northwest of East Azerbaijan Province, between 45°17′ to 46°31′ of the eastern longitude and 38°39′ to 39°2′ of the northern latitude, as a narrow strip on the northern border of the Province. It ends up from the north to the Aras River, the Republic of Armenia, Nakhchivan and Azerbaijan. The area of this city is 1670.31 km and the city of Kaleibar is located in the eastern part of this town and the cities of Marand and Ahar are considered its southern neighbors. On average, the width of the city is 17 km and its length is 100 km. Jolfa is the capital city and is located 137 km away from northwest of Tabriz and 65 km from north of Marand. In terms of the area, Jolfa is considered among the small towns of the Province and with an area of 1670.31 km only covers %3.4 of the total area of the Province and in this regard stands at the twelfth place.
The central district of the city of Jolfa includes Shoja and Erasi municipalities. The city of Jolfa is located in the geographic district of Shoja municipality and Hadishahr city is located in the geographic district of Erasi municipality. In terms of political divisions, the city of Julfa has two districts namely the Central and Siahroud districts as well as five villages namely western Dizmar, Noje Mehr, Arasi, Daran and Shoja. Based on 2004 census, the number of inhabited villages of the city of Jolfa is estimated as 73,219.
AFZ is located in semi dry and semi cold North-West part of Iran. Annual rain fall is about 225 to 400 milliliters per year and average temperature is about 15 degree Celsius. In Jolfa, about 50 days per year are considered as cold days. The AFZ is in very close reach of high mountains ranges, which have a cold climate.
Facilities include railways and roads, electricity network, irrigation and water distribution network, gas distribution network, communication network, branches of all major banks and insurances, border terminals, customs warehouses, airport (Tabriz), government offices and ministerial branches, hotel, motel and restaurants.

This is a selection of articles on Wikipedia that appeared on the India Portal's Did you know section.

"Only Nineteen", "I Was Only Nineteen" or "A Walk in the Light Green" is the most widely recognised song by Australian folk group Redgum. The song was released in March 1983 as a single, which hit number one on the national Kent Music Report Singles Chart for two weeks. It was also recorded for Redgum's live album "Caught in the Act" (Epic Records) released in June, which stayed in the top forty of the Kent Music Report Albums Chart for four months. Royalties for the song go to the Vietnam Veterans Association of Australia. It is in the Australasian Performing Right Association's Top 30 Australian Songs of all time.
The song is a first-person account of a typical Australian infantry regular soldiers experience in the Vietnam War, from training in Australia to first hand exposure to military operations and combat, and ultimately his return home disillusioned, psychologically scarred and possibly suffering from the effects of the chemical defoliant Agent Orange.
Contrary to popular belief, the subject of this song is a volunteer member of the Australian Army, and not a conscript. Australian men did not become eligible for conscription until the age of 21.
Redgum's lead vocalist-guitarist, John Schumann, wrote the song based on experiences he heard from veterans — particularly Mick Storen (his brother in-law) and Frankie Hunt: "The power derives from the detail, provided by my mate and brother-in-law, Mick Storen, who was brave and trusting enough to share his story with me." — John Schumann
For the live version, Schumann explained the title, "A Walk in the Light Green", as referring to operational patrols in areas marked light green on topographical maps, where dark green indicated thick jungle, plenty of cover and few land mines and light green indicated thinly wooded areas, little cover and a high likelihood of land mines.
The Australian Vietnam Veterans' "Welcome Home Parade" was held in Sydney on 3 October 1987 and was followed by a concert in The Domain where Redgum's Schumann performed his song with veteran Frank Hunt on stage. From this parade, a desire for a War Memorial to commemorate Vietnam Veterans grew into fruition with the Memorial's dedication in October 1992. Australian Vietnam Forces National Memorial was constructed in Anzac Parade, Canberra in 1992 and includes a "Wall of Words": "Stele B, the northern or right-hand stele, is adorned with a series of 33 quotations fixed in stainless steel lettering." Amongst the quotations is:
A "normal language" explanation of each quote has been included, courtesy of the late Brigadier Alf Garland:
At the 40th-year commemoration of the Battle of Long Tần, 18 August 2006, veterans were accompanied by Australian Ambassador Bill Tweddle at the Long Tan Cross; following the commemoration a concert was held at Vũng Tàu where Schumann (and The Vagabond Crew) sang "I Was Only Nineteen." He also introduced Long Tần veteran Storen as the source for the song. For an SBS TV special "Vietnam Nurses" (2005), director Polly Watkins chose "Redgum and John Schumann's song 'Only Nineteen' during the Welcome Home Parade in 1987 because it is integral to one of the nurses' stories." Frank Hunt provides an account of his Vietnam experiences, titled "I Was Only Nineteen", in Gina Lennox' book "Forged by War" (August 2006).
After Schumann had received letters of request from active soldiers in Afghanistan and East Timor he sought permission to visit the troops but obtained no answer. A reporter published an article on the situation, authorities gave permission for Schumann to tour East Timor in December 2009 and entertain Australian and New Zealand troops. In September–October 2011 he played for Australian troops in Afghanistan.
In 2015, Lee Kernaghan recorded the song for his album "Spirit of the Anzacs". That same year, the song was added to the Sounds of Australia Registry at the National Film & Sound Archive (NFSA).
The lyrics include words, terms and place names particular to Australia and Vietnam:
When the song was first released, Rick Melbourne, a breakfast radio announcer, produced a parody version of the song, including the lyrics "God help me, she told me she was sixteen". Australian country singer John Williamson recorded a live version as "Only 19" and released it on his 1984 vinyl LP, "The Smell of Gumleaves" (rereleased in 1996 as a CD under the title "Home Among the Gum Trees").
The song's and album's producer, Trevor Lucas, performed his version as a member of his United Kingdom-based group Fairport Convention at the 1985 Cropredy Festival. On the show "Fast Forward", Gina Riley, in character as Eleanor LaGore, performed a swing version of the song.
The song was covered by Australian Army Band The Lancer Band in 2015 in the lead up to ANZAC Day. The cover gained positive widespread attention in the media. It differed from most covers as it was performed by soldiers and sung by a female soldier.
In 2005 a hip hop version of the song (called "I was Only 19") was produced by The Herd, voted in at #18 in the 2005 Triple J Hottest 100 playlist.
This song also plays a symbolic role in the 2006 book "World War Z" by Max Brooks.
Single version "I Was Only Nineteen" (March 1983) – 4:19
Only Schumann and McDonald of Redgum played on this track:
"Caught in the Act" live version, "I Was Only 19 (A Walk in the Light Green)" (1983) – 5:57
Schumann introduces the song and explains the phrase 'A Walk in the Light Green' which he gives as its title. Recorded at The Rose, Shamrock and Thistle Hotel (aka Three Weeds Hotel) in Rozelle, New South Wales:
John Schumann released the song as an acoustic single on iTunes to commemorate 30 years since the song's original release. The single was the version recorded for the 2008 Vagabond Crew album Behind The Lines.

Louis Guy (June 27, 1768 – February 17, 1850) was a notary and political figure in Lower Canada.
He was born in Montreal in 1768, the son of a merchant there. Guy studied to be a land surveyor and learned English at the College of New Jersey in Princeton. On his return, he articled in law with Joseph Papineau, qualified as a notary in 1801 and set up practice in Montreal. Guy was named a justice of the peace in Montreal district in 1800. He served as a major in the local militia during the War of 1812, fighting at the Battle of Châteauguay; he continued in the militia after the war, reaching the rank of colonel in 1830. He was opposed to the union of Upper and Lower Canada proposed in 1822 and helped organize resistance to the proposal. In 1830, he was named to the Legislative Council of Lower Canada. Although he was opposed to the use of force by the rebels during the Lower Canada Rebellion, he viewed the imposition of martial law as a measure only to be taken as a last resort. Guy was named a King's Notary in 1838.
He died in Montreal in 1850.
His brother Étienne served as a member of the legislative assembly.

Cheddleton is an ancient parish and village in the Staffordshire Moorlands, near to the town of Leek, England.
The village is divided into two distinct communities – the traditional village and the modern Redrow development located at St. Edward's Park, on the grounds of the old St. Edward's Psychiatric Hospital. This extensive site has been redeveloped and many of the old listed hospital buildings have been renovated, including the old hospital water tower, the highest building in the surrounding area, which now serves as an impressive private dwelling.
The traditional village is served by one shop,3 public houses, a veterinary surgery, an off licence and two churches: St Edward's (Anglican) and St Andrew's (Methodist). The modern development has limited amenities, although there is a Latin American cuisine restaurant situated on the canal side, nearby.
The village hit the headlines in March 2006 when a fire at a house on Hillside Road killed four people. The cause of the fire was quickly established as arson and eight months later a local man called Mark Goldstraw was found guilty on four counts of murder. He was sentenced to life imprisonment with a recommended minimum term of 35 years.
The village is twinned with in Germany. The twinning association holds regular meetings and exchanges between the two villages.
Ashcombe Park in Cheadle Road is a Grade II listed stately house built by James Trubshaw between 1807 and 1811.
The 2011 census records a total population for Cheddleton of 5,444 persons and 2,267 households.
Historic Population Numbers
In 1563 there were 57 households in Cheddleton. By 1665 this had risen to 154 households. In 1676 the population was 326 people. Since 1801 the national census has recorded the population of the parish every 10 years. The population figures for each of the census returns is detailed below. Parish boundary changes rather than population decline probably account for the fall between 1971 and 2011.
The parish church of St Edward the Confessor is on Hollow Lane; it is a Grade II* listed building. It was built from the 13th to 15th century.
In the churchyard is buried Sir Thomas Wardle (1831–1909), who owned a dyeworks in Leek. He was a friend of the architect George Gilbert Scott, Jr. and of the artist William Morris: in the 1860s there were additions to the church by Scott, and stained-glass windows in the church were created by artists associated with William Morris.
The cross in the churchyard is an ancient monument. The base is medieval; the upper part is by George Gilbert Scott Jr. and features Instruments of the Passion designed by William Morris.
Cheddleton Flint Mill is a Grade II* listed building, situated along the Caldon Canal. It is a prime example of Staffordshire's industrial past – a flint grinding watermill previously used for supplying the pottery industry further along the canal in Stoke-on-Trent. It is open to the public free of charge, and has been preserved, with help from the Heritage Lottery Fund, by the Cheddleton Flint Mill Industrial Heritage Trust.
Every year there is a carnival organised by the Cheddleton Carnival Committee on the second Saturday in August, held on the Ashcombe Park Cricket Club car park. The committee also organises other events in the village throughout the rest of the year, most notably the Bonfire Night fireworks display – held, again, in the car park, and the 'Duck Race', held annually at the Boat Inn and raced along the canal. The committee raises funds for Cancer Research UK and to date have raised over £750,000.
Cheddleton is served by St. Edward's CE (c) First School, close to St. Edward's Church and the local community centre. Children attend the school from the beginning of their education up to Key Stage 2 (Reception class to Year 4). The school has an additional nursery provision and before / after school clubs provided on-site by Early Stages Ltd who also run Teddy's Garden Day nursery from a converted hospital building on St Edwards Park.
The old schoolhouse has been turned into a well established tea room, just down the road from St. Edward's. On the St Edward's site, the former isolation hospital has been restored and converted into a children's day nursery.
The North Staffordshire Railway opened its Churnet Valley Railway on 1 September 1849, and opened a railway station at . Closed in 1963, today it is operated as part of a preserved railway.
Cheddleton is home to Leek RUFC, who play their home games at Post & Times Park on St. Edward's Park. Cheddleton is also home to Ashcombe Park Cricket Club, who play their home games at Ashcombe Park Cricket Ground at the south end of the village.
The John Pointon Sports And Recreation Facility was opened at Windy Arbour, Cheddleton on the ground of the old Berresford Bus site.
Cheddleton was also home to one of the best loved MotoX tracks in the UK, the steep, mostly natural sand track hosted numerous rounds of various local and national championships.
Over the years many riders who have moved on to race at an international level have competed at Cheddleton including the son of Ron Haslam, current World Superbike rider and former Moto GP rider Leon Haslam.

Susanna Haavisto (born 20 October 1957, Helsinki) is a Finnish actress and singer. She is the daughter of musician Jukka Haavisto and sister of musicians Olli and Janne Haavisto.
She has taken part in several movies and TV programs. She was UNICEF National Ambassador in 1980.



The 2006 Cheetham Hill terrorism arrests was an anti-terrorism operation in the United Kingdom, in which Habib Ahmed, a taxi driver, was arrested by six policemen at his home in Cheetham Hill, Manchester on 23 August 2006 on suspicion of his involvement in a plan to attack on an individual.
He appeared in court in London on 21 September accused of collecting information about potential terrorist targets and traveling to Pakistan earlier this year for terrorism training, after the full 28-day period of arrest without charge allowed under the Terrorism Act 2006.
His wife, Mehreen Haji, was arrested on 19 September and charged with supplying 4,000 pounds to Habib Ahmed "knowing or having reasonable suspicion that it would, or might be used for the purposes of terrorism".
Police claimed the pair were members of Al-Muhajiroun, the Islamic militant group founded by radical Muslim cleric Omar Bakri Mohammed who was then serving a jail sentence for inciting terrorism.
In March 2007, Habib and Mehreen Haji appeared at the Central Criminal Court in London. Habib was accused of receiving weapons training for terrorism in Pakistan and having information likely to be useful for terrorism, while Mehreen was accused of raising money to be used for terrorism. Habib was remanded in custody for likely trial in January 2008 while Mehreen was released on bail.
Two further men, both friends of Ahmed, were arrested at 6am on 2 September from houses in Cheetham Hill as part of the same investigation, but were released without charge two weeks later. They could not explain why they had been arrested; according to the family of one of the freed men, he was a member of Al Muhajiroun when he was younger, but now had nothing to do with the group.
In September 2007, an associate of Habib Haji, Raingzieb Ahmed, from Fallowfield, Manchester, who had been in custody in Pakistan, was deported to the UK and arrested on arrival. He was charged with directing a terrorist organization, possessing information which would be useful to a terrorist and possessing a rucksack which contained traces of explosives. 
Both Habib Ahmed and Rangzieb Ahmed were found guilty of being members of al-Qaeda in December 2008. Mehreen Haji was cleared of two counts of arranging funding for the purposes of terrorism.

United Company RUSAL () is the world's second largest aluminium company by primary production output (as of 2016). It was the largest until overtaken by China Hongqiao Group in 2015. UC RUSAL accounts for almost 9% of the world's primary aluminium output and 9% of the world's alumina production.
The United Company was formed by the merger of RUSAL (Russkiy alyuminiy) (), SUAL, and the alumina assets of Glencore, completed in March 2007. According to its own statistics, UC Rusal accounts for 6.2% of the world's primary aluminium output and 6.5% of the world's alumina production, while operating assets in 13 countries over five continents, employing over 61,000 people across its international operations and offices.
The company is incorporated in Jersey, where it has its financial centre, but its headquarters are in Moscow, Russian Federation. UC Rusal is a public limited company and its shares are traded on the Moscow Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and European Stock Exchange.  
RUSAL has played a decisive role in the consolidation of the Russian aluminium industry during its establishment as a large, vertically integrated aluminium holding.
UC Rusal's roots lie in the business activities of Russian businessman Oleg Deripaska, who entered the metals industry as a commodities agent and broker at the Moscow Trade Stock Exchange (Moskovskaya Tovarnaya Birzha (MTB)) and then at the Russian Commodities and Raw Materials Exchange (Rossiyskaya Tovarno-Syryevaya Birzha (RTSB)). As a broker, Deripaska dealt in a wide range of commodities, including aluminium. His work also included trading with major Russian aluminium smelters. 
Between 1991 and 1994, companies set up by Mr. Deripaska with the backing of industrialist an entrepreneur Michael Cherney, started investing in the shares of Sayanogorsk Aluminum Smelter (SAZ), one of the newest and most modern aluminium plants built in Soviet times (1980–1985). In 1994, Mr. Deripaska was elected the General Director of SAZ.
In 1997, the companies controlled by Deripaska underwent a general restructuring, leading to the creation of Sibirsky Aluminium to manage aluminium and alumina assets acquired by Deripaska’s companies. By 2000, Sibirsky Aluminium managed, among other aluminium-related assets, majority interests in the Sayanogorsk aluminium smelter, the Sayanal foil mill, a fabricating plant in Samara, Russia, and a minority interest in the Nikolaev alumina refinery in Ukraine.
Gradual strategic acquisitions and growth projects eventually led to the creation of one of the world’s largest aluminium and alumina producers. Rusal has historically opted to fully integrate its assets under centralized operational and management control. The company has achieved increased production and efficiency in most of its acquired facilities through production “creep” (improvements achieved through targeted improvements to key processes), as well as by undertaking key modernization and expansion projects.
Rusal was founded in 2000 after Sibirsky Aluminium and Millhouse Capital, owned by Roman Abramovich, agreed to merge their aluminium and alumina assets.
By 2002, Sibirsky Aluminium and Millhouse Capital were managing controlling stakes in the Armenal foil mill in Armenia and the Belaya Kalitva metallurgical plant and Novokuznetsk aluminium smelter in Russia, and also took under management the Friguia bauxite and alumina complex and Bauxite of Kindia Company in Guinea to secure bauxite and alumina supply for its Russian smelters. In 2002, Rusal also set up  the Engineering and Technology Center in Krasnoyarsk, which is now the foundation of the company’s internal R&D projects. 
In 2003, Millhouse Capital sold its 50% stake in Rusal to Basic Element, which held the remaining half of the shares and belongs to Deripaska. In the Ukraine, RUSAL increased its share in the Nikolaev alumina refinery to 98%.
In 2004, Rusal made the strategic decision to focus on its upstream business and began disposing of its downstream assets, including the sale of its fabricating division to Alcoa in January 2005. The divestiture process was largely completed in 2006 with the distribution of certain aluminium construction plants and other non-core assets to companies controlled by RUSAL's beneficial owner. In 2004, Rusal obtained a licence to develop bauxite mines in Guyana and the Bauxite Company of Guyana was subsequently founded.
From 2004 to 2006, RUSAL acquired several strategically important assets around the globe. In 2004, RUSAL acquired a 90% interest in the Boxitogorsk alumina refinery in Russia and increased its holding in the Nikolaev alumina refinery to 100%. 
In 2005, RUSAL bought a 50% stake in the Komi alumina project from SUAL and became its partner in the project, which involved the construction of an integrated bauxite and alumina complex in Russia's Komi Republic. 
Also in 2005, RUSAL completed the acquisition of a 20% equity interest in one of the world’s largest alumina refineries in terms of production capacity, Queensland Alumina Limited, located in Queensland, Australia. 
Furthermore, RUSAL purchased assets of a cathode plant in Lingshi County of Shanxi Province, China. In April 2008, the company acquired assets of another cathode plant in Taigu County of Shanxi Province, China, which have been integrated into the existing cathode plant in Lingshi.
In 2006, RUSAL acquired assets of the state-owned Aroaima Mining Company in Guyana, acquired the remaining equity interest in the Friguia bauxite and alumina complex in Guinea, completed an extensive retrofit of the Armenal foil mill and commissioned the Khakas aluminium smelter in Russia, one of the most advanced aluminium production facilities in the world. RUSAL also acquired a 56.16% equity interest in the Sardinian alumina refinery, Eurallumina.
In May 2006, RUSAL and RusHydro signed a co-operation agreement for the construction of the Boguchanskaya hydropower station (HPP) and the Boguchansky aluminium smelter. RUSAL increased ownership in the Bratsk, Krasnoyarsk, Sayanogorsk, and Novokuznetsk aluminium smelters, the Achinsk and Boksitogorsk alumina refineries and the Russian National Aluminium and Magnesium Institute (VAMI) to 100% in November 2006, and in Sayanal in June 2007.
In order to stay competitive, the VAMI and SibVAMI aluminium and magnesium research institutes became the backbone for engineering and technology centres involved in the development of new unique production technologies including RA-300 and RA-400 reduction cells for RUSAL. The new technologies allowed for large-scale greenfield and brownfield projects. In 2005, RUSAL created its own engineering and construction subsidiary, Rusal-Engineering Development Limited, responsible for modernization and construction projects.
In December 2006, RUSAL acquired through a privatisation process a 77.5% equity interest in the Aluminium Smelter Company of Nigeria (ALSCON). The Group acquired a further 7.5% equity interest in ALSCON from MAN Ferrostaal AG in January 2008.
In late March 2007, the merger between RUSAL, its domestic competitor SUAL, as well as the bauxite and alumina assets of Swiss commodities trading group Glencore, created UC RUSAL. The merger created the world’s largest aluminium company at the time, with assests in 17 countries across five continents, including 16 aluminium smelters, 12 alumina refineries, eight bauxite mines, three powder metallurgy plants, three silicon smelters, three secondary aluminium plants, three aluminium foil mills, two cryolite plants, and one cathode plant. The merger was completed in March 2007, at which time the newly formed company was estimated to have pro-forma sales of $12 billion and production capacity of about four million tonnes of aluminium and 11 million tonnes of alumina. The move completed the 15-year process of consolidating the Russian aluminium industry. 
In November 2007, RUSAL signed a cooperation agreement with Samruk-Energo, a subsidiary of Samruk-Kazyna, on the creation of a 50/50 joint venture in respect of the operation of the Bogatyr Komir LLP, the largest coal mining company in Kazakhstan, with an annual production of approximately 40 million tonnes of coal, that ensured stable fuel supply to Urals thermal power stations that provide electricity for RUSAL’s Urals plants.
In April 2008, the Group completed the acquisition of a 25% plus one share equity interest of Norilsk Nickel from Onexim, the world's largest nickel and palladium producer. The acquisition allowed the Group to diversify its asset base. The consideration for the shares in Norilsk Nickel was partially paid in cash and partially in shares. The transaction paved the way to develop RUSAL into a global, diversified metals, mining and energy group.
Because of a string of mergers and acquisitions, particularly that of Norilsk Nickel, UC Rusal had a high level of debt that was exacerbated by the onset of the global financial crisis in 2008. In order to be able to retain its stake in Norilsk Nickel, a strategically important company, and to avoid having to float the stake to foreign lenders, UC Rusal received a $4.5 billion loan from Russian state bank VEB to repay debts to foreign creditors. As part of its debt consolidation efforts in 2009, UC Rusal reduced the costs of its operations by 25%. In December of that same year, a final agreement between the company and 72 Russian and international lenders to refinance $17 billion of debt were reached.
In January 2009, Oleg Deripaska was appointed Rusal’s CEO, replacing Alexander Bulygin, who had held the post for 3 years.
In January 2010, UC RUSAL was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with its IPO price of HK$10.8 per share and capital raising of US$2.2 billion. The IPO attracted a list of big-name investors including Nathaniel Rothschild, Robert Kuok, Paulson & Co, John Paulson and Vneshekonombank. Rusal is also trading global depostory receipts on the NYSE Euronext in Paris.
August 2011 saw Rusal reach an agreement with Sberbank to extend the maturity of debts until 2016, thereby cancelling VEB’s loan used to repay debts to lenders.
In October 2011, UC Rusal announced that it had completed all debt refinancing of outstanding payments worth $11.4 billion. As a result, the company was freed from all investment and dividend payment restrictions, and announced new investments into the modernisation of old smelters and construction of  new smelters in Siberia.
With Chinese aluminium demand growing due to rapid urbanization and industrialization, UC Rusal signed a joint venture agreement with China North Industries Corporation (NORINCO) in April 2012. Rusal also signed a memorandum of understanding with one of its main competitors, Shandong Xinfa Group, pertaining to the study of future potential cooperation areas, such as joint ventures.
March 2014 saw UC Rusal enter into a 50/50 share joint venture with Israeli automotive component manufacturer Omen High Pressure Die Casting to produce automotive components.
Resulting from massive overcapacity in the aluminium market due to China increasing its output of primary aluminium, global aluminium prices fell in the years 2007 to 2013, leading Rusal to report a loss of US$3.2bn in 2014. The company asked creditors to agree to delay payments on part of its US$10bn net debt pile.  In August that year, national and international lenders agreed to allow the restructuring of its debt.
In November 2014, Vladislav Soloviev was appointed as Rusal’s CEO, while Deripaska assumed the role of company president.
In 2016, UC Rusal signed another joint venture agreement with a Chinese firm, Hebei Joy Sense Cable Co. (HJSC), to produce aluminium cable for electrical applications.
In 2017, Rusal issued two Eurobonds to finance its debts. The first one, worth US$600 million, was issued in February, followed by a second one in April, worth US$500 million. Also in February, plans were announced to sell 10 billion yuan worth of seven-year onshore bonds to finance purchases in China, making Rusal the first foreign company to offer panda bonds on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The company also agreed on a pre-export finance mechanism with international lenders worth US$1.7 billion for debt refinancing.
In April 2017, Rusal signed a joint venture with Indian firm Runaya Metsource for producing aluminum paste and powder, with commercial activities set to commence in 2018.
As of 2016, UC Rusal’s biggest shareholders are En+ Group with a controlling stake of 48.13 %, along with Onexim Group (13.7%) and SUAL (15,80 %). 8.75% is owned by Amokenga Holdings, a wholly owned subsidiary of Glencore. The remaining 13.37% account for the public float, and shareholding by the company management (0.25%).
It was announced on August 11 that Onexim agreed to sell 7% of its Rusal stake to SUAL. In February, Onexim had already sold 3.3% to SUAL. Once the sale is approved, SUAL will retain a 6.7% stake in Rusal, while SUAL’s will increase to 22.80%.
As of the end of 2016, UC Rusal owned 12 aluminium smelters, 10 alumina refineries, 7 bauxite mines worldwide, and 4 domestic foil rolling mills.
Rusal owns and operates six aluminium smelters, two alumina refineries and two foil rolling mills in Russia:
According to media reports, UC Rusal seeks to cover all the energy required to power its aluminium smelters via clean energy by 2020, particularly using hydropower. The company’s current energy mix includes 90% renewables. The announcement was in line with UC Rusal’s pledge to support the sustainable production of aluminium upon joining the Aluminium Stewardship Initiative (ASI) in 2015.
While some aluminium manufacturers have began to offer low carbon-emission guaranties on their products, Rusal has thus far not offered such branded metal, but said that clients preferred metal from hydro-powered smelters.
Rusal’s president, Oleg Deripaska, has in the past expressed support for introducing steep carbon taxation in order to force other firms away from using coal power and reduce the industry’s carbon footprint.
Following the 2011 Toho earthquake and tsunami, UC Rusal donated $600.000 to Japanese children’s and cultural heritage foundations. These included the Ashinaga Foundation providing financial and educational support to children; the Yul Foundation supporting the learning process and psychological rehabilitation of pupils; and donations to the Ishinomori Mangattan Museum in Miyagi Prefecture for the city’s reconstruction of cultural attractions.
In 2012, Rusal donated 25 tonnes of medical supplies to Sierra Leone to control the outbreak of cholera in the country as part of its commitment to corporate social responsibility.
In cooperation with Alscon, Rusal commissioned the construction of 14 fresh water facilities in Nigeria so as to provide potable water to over 10.000 people in the Ikot Abasi region.
During the 2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa, UC Rusal provided logistical support to the international relieve efforts. In 2015, the company invested $10 million to build the “Centre for epidemic and microbiological research and treatment” in Guinea to fight the spread of the virus. It also donated medication, as well as sanitary equipment to the Guinean Health Ministry, and was involved in setting up a mobile hospital containing 200 beds. Field trials for a Russian Ebola vaccine were carried out at the Centre, and the vaccine was officially launched in August 2017 in Kindia, where the Centre is located.

Green Bus Lines, also referred to simply as Green Lines, was a private bus company in New York City, United States. It operated local service in Queens and express service to Manhattan until January 9, 2006, when the city-operated MTA Bus Company took over its routes. It was managed most recently by Jerome Cooper (1928–2015). 
Green Bus Lines routes primarily operated in the Jamaica, Ozone Park, Howard Beach, South Jamaica, and the Rockaway's area of Queens, along with service to the passenger and cargo areas of John F. Kennedy International Airport. At the time of its closure, Green Lines operated more local and limited bus routes than any other private company in the city.
Stockholders of Green Bus Lines also held control of other private bus companies in Queens and Brooklyn as Transit Alliance. These companies were Triboro Coach, Jamaica Buses, and Command Bus Company, all of which were absorbed into the MTA Regional Bus operations. The company reorganized as GTJ Reit Inc., a real estate investment trust, shortly after MTA takeover.
The company was incorporated on April 3, 1925 by William Cooper (1895-1985, aged 90) to provide local service in several boroughs. Cooper originally began operating a single bus line in 1922. The company was formed from several independently-operated bus lines, whose owners operated the buses, and would become stockholders and employees in Green Lines.
The company acquired several Manhattan routes (including the current M22, M50, M79, M86, and M96) in 1933, but these were transferred to the Comprehensive Omnibus Corporation in 1935 and New York City Omnibus Corporation in 1936. That year, Green Lines took over the operations of Liberty Bus, and the borough's bus system was divided into four lettered "zones", with each zone being served exclusively by one bus company. Green Lines was awarded the rights to all of "Zone C" in southern Queens, which included Woodhaven, Richmond Hill, Ozone Park, Howard Beach, and the Rockaways. With that move, Green Lines assumed the operations of seven other companies in the region. Green also acquired the Manhattan and Queens Bus Corporation, which had operated the ex-Manhattan and Queens Traction Company Queens Boulevard Line into Manhattan (the ) since 1937, in 1943.
Green stockholders acquired two other transit companies that continued to operate independently: Triboro Coach Corporation in October 1947, and Jamaica Buses in April 1949. Jointly these three companies formed Command Bus Company in 1979 to take over the routes that had been previously operated by Pioneer Bus Corporation, which went out of the transit bus business following a bitter strike earlier in 1979.
The QM23 was started in the 1950s to replace Long Island Rail Road service to the Brooklyn Manor station on the Rockaway Beach Branch. It was discontinued in 2010. Four more express routes began operation in the 1970s.
Green Bus Lines, Inc.; Triboro Coach Corporation; and Jamaica-Central Railways, Inc. were each owned by individual shareholders. Jamaica-Central Railways, Inc. had a wholly owned subsidiary, Jamaica Buses, Inc. Several subsidiary corporations were owned 40 percent by Green Bus Lines, Inc.; 40 percent by Triboro Coach Corporation; and 20 percent by Jamaica-Central Railways, Inc. These jointly owned subsidiary corporations included Command Bus Company, Inc., and G.T.J. Co., Inc. (originally Varsity Transit, Inc.). Among the wholly owned subsidiaries of G.T.J. Co., Inc. was Transit Facility Management Corp., which provided Access-A-Ride paratransit service using the name TFM Paratransit; Varsity Transit, Inc. (originally Varsity Coach Corp. until 1989), which provided school bus service within the City of New York; and Varsity Coach Corp. (incorporated 1989), which provided school bus service outside the City of New York.
On June 23, 2006, GTJ REIT, Inc. was formed under the laws of Maryland as a real estate investment trust. Two weeks later, on July 7, 2006, three wholly owned subsidies of GTJ REIT, Inc. were formed: Green Acquisition, Inc.; Triboro Acquisition, Inc.; and Jamaica Acquisition, Inc.
A special meeting of the shareholders of Green Bus Lines, Inc.; Triboro Coach Corporation; and Jamaica-Central Railways, Inc. was held on March 26, 2007 for the purpose of obtaining the consent of a majority of the shareholders of each company to be merged into the GTJ REIT, Inc. subsidiaries. A majority of shareholders of each company voted in favor, and on March 29, 2007 Green Bus Lines, Inc. was merged into Green Acquisition, Inc.; Triboro Coach Corporation was merged into Triboro Acquisition, Inc.; and Jamaica-Central Railways, Inc. was merged into Jamaica Acquisition, Inc. Shareholders exchanged their old shares in the bus companies for new shares in GTJ REIT, Inc. Command Bus Company, Inc. and Varsity Coach Corp. were both dissolved on January 21, 2010. Jamaica Buses, Inc. was dissolved on May 13, 2010.
During 2011 and 2012, the Company underwent a process of shedding all businesses and assets that were no longer compatible with its real estate focus.
In January 2013, the Company closed on a transaction with a privately held joint venture in which the Company acquired ownership interests in a portfolio of 25 commercial properties located in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. As a result of subsequent acquisitions, the company owns 45 properties, approximately 5 million square feet and 338 acres of land.
GTJ REIT, Inc. is headquartered in West Hempstead, N.Y. Its portfolio of real estate investments includes the four garages once used for transit bus operations, all of which (Baisley Park Depot, Far Rockaway Depot's older building only. New annex owned by MTA/NYCTA, JFK Depot, and LaGuardia Depot) are leased to the City of New York for use as bus garages by MTA Bus Company.
On May 20, 2015, Jerome Cooper, the president and chairman of GTJ, REIT, Inc. died at age 86 of sudden cardiac arrest (heart failure) at his home at Long Beach, New York.
Just prior to MTA Bus takeover, Green Bus lines operated the following routes, which mostly continued to be based in Far Rockaway Bus Depot and John F. Kennedy Bus Depot. Hubs for Green Lines operations included 165th Street Bus Terminal in Jamaica, the Mott Avenue subway station in Far Rockaway, and several stations in the IND Queens Boulevard Line.
Green Bus Lines' first southeast Queens depot (also known as Cornell Park) was located at 149th Street and 147th Avenue (148-02 147th Avenue) in what was then South Ozone Park, Queens. This area has since been de-mapped and is now on the grounds of John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Green Lines' second southeast Queens garage was located in Jamaica at 147th Avenue and Rockaway Boulevard (165-25 147th Avenue) near JFK Airport. The depot was built from 1951 to 1952 at the cost of $500,000. It was the primary storage and maintenance facility for the company. It is now the John F. Kennedy Depot (or JFK Depot) of MTA Bus.
Green Lines operated a facility on the Rockaway Peninsula, situated on Rockaway Beach Boulevard and Beach 49th Street (49-19 Rockaway Beach Boulevard) in the neighborhood of Arverne. It was sometimes referred to as the "Rockaway Garage". A satellite facility, it primarily housed buses serving the Rockaways and southern Queens, performing light maintenance work. It is now MTA Bus' Far Rockaway Depot.

Reverend Robin Roe CBE MC (11 October 1928 – 15 July 2010) was an Irish clergyman known for his work as an army chaplain, and a rugby union player.
Roe was born in Skeirke, Borris-in-Ossory, County Laois. He started playing rugby at The King's Hospital school, Dublin when he was ten years old. After studying at Trinity College, he was ordained a deacon in the Church of Ireland in 1953, and priest in 1954. He joined Lansdowne rugby football club for the 1953-54 season. he served a curacy at Sandford, Dublin in the Diocese of Dublin and Glendalough from 1953 to 1955.
Roe was first selected to play for the Barbarians while studying at Trinity College in 1951. He played in a total of eleven matches for the Barbarians and scored two tries. From 1952 to 1957 Roe played in twenty-one matches for 's national rugby team as hooker.
In 1955 Roe toured with the British and Irish Lions in South Africa, where he played approximately a dozen games (two as prop) and scored a try against Griqualand West. After injuring his ribs early in the tour, his appearances were limited but he still played when required. The tour lasted four months, and Roe's roommates were the 19-year-old Tony O'Reilly, Bill Williams and Bryn Meredith. Roe found the rugby in South Africa more demanding than he was accustomed to in Ireland, and he admired the consistent play of O'Reilly. He disliked South Africa's apartheid system as opposed to his beliefs as a priest. Roe's twenty-inch neck brought some ribbing from his teammates. The Catholics on the team joked that he had a great neck for a Roman collar.
In 1955 as an army chaplain based near London, he played about fifteen games for London Irish. Roe thought that Sunbury, the home base of the London Irish, was enjoyable; while the training at London Irish was rigorous, Roe believed that the team at Lansdowne was more settled. Roe regarded fellow hooker Karl Mullen, the man he replaced in the Ireland number 2 jersey and the captain of Ireland and the 1950 British and Irish Lions, as his toughest opponent. 
In the summer of 1957 Roe was a member of the first Barbarians side to tour outside Britain or Ireland. The team's tour of Canada was a success, with a 6-0 won-lost record and a 227-23 points for-against ratio.
Roe joined the British Army in 1955, when he was commissioned (on a Short Service Commission) into the Royal Army Chaplains' Department as a Chaplain to the Forces 4th Class (equivalent to a captain in all other units, chaplains are traditionally addressed as padre regardless of rank). He switched to a full commission in 1958, and was promoted to Chaplain to the Forces 3rd Class (equivalent to a major) in 1961.
Roe distinguished himself for bravery while serving as a British Army chaplain attached to the 1st battalion, Lancashire Regiment in Aden in 1967. During the Arab police mutiny (part of the Aden Emergency), Roe heard gunfire and left Radfan Camp to investigate. He found a British Army lorry on fire with a number of British soldiers lying dead and wounded. Under heavy fire Roe helped the wounded soldiers to safety in Radfan Camp. Roe was unarmed, as is the custom for military chaplains. He only left the scene after being forcibly turned back by another officer, after he had been shot at and his personal Land Rover struck by machine gun fire. He was awarded the Military Cross for his courage under fire, the award was gazetted on 19 January 1968. 
He was promoted to Chaplain to the Forces 2nd Class (lieutenant-colonel) in 1969, and to 1st Class (colonel) in 1973. In 1977 he was made an Honorary Chaplain to the Queen. He retired from the Army in 1982, and was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for his work as a chaplain in that year's Queen's Birthday Honours.
Roe became Rector of Merrow, Surrey (Diocese of Guildford) in 1982 and served there until his retirement in 1989. He then moved to Shalford, Surrey and continued to take services within the diocese. He died on 15 July 2010.

The Shire of Narrogin is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about south-east of the state capital, Perth. The seat of government is in the town of Narrogin. Until 2016, when the two entities merged, the Narrogin townsite was governed by a separate local government area, the Town of Narrogin. 
In 1892, the Narrogin Road District came into being. On 1 July 1961, it became a Shire under the "Local Government Act 1960". In 1999 and 2004, proposals to merge the Shire with the Town of Narrogin were defeated at referendum. In 2016, on July 1, the Shire of Narrogin amalgamated with the Town of Narrogin. The new entity retained the designation of Shire.
The shire had four wards until the 2005 election, but they have since been abolished. Seven councillors now sit at large.

Powernext SA, incorporated in 2001, is a regulated market operating under AMF supervision. Based in Paris, Powernext manages the natural gas activities of the EEX Group under the PEGAS brand throughout Europe, and operates the National Registry for electricity guarantees of origin in France. 
As of 1st January 2016, the European Energy Exchange (EEX) is the majority shareholder with 87.73 percent of the Powernext shares.
A decree by the French Ministry of Ecology, Sustainable Development and Energy, published on 15 January 2013 in the Official Journal, appointed Powernext as the National Registry for electricity guarantees of origin in France. Powernext succeeded RTE as the guarantee of origin issuing body on 1st May 2013 for a five-year term.

Moorhouse and South Elmsall Halt was a railway station situated on the Hull and Barnsley Railway's branch line from Wrangbrook to Wath-upon-Dearne. The station served the small village of Moorhouse and the eastern part of the mining village of South Elmsall on the South Yorkshire / West Yorkshire boundary, although this was about a mile distance. The station is located between Hickleton and Thurnscoe and Wrangbrook Junction, where the Wath branch joined the main line. The single storey station building, on the Wath-bound platform was, unlike the others on the line, built of brick with a slate roof. The other platform had just a simple waiting room for the few passengers who used the station. The platform surfaces were gravel and stone edged. The station master's house, of a standard Hull and Barnsley style, was situated a road level by the underbridge.
Opening day was on 28 August 1902 and the station closed, along with the others on the line, on 6 April 1929.
To the north of the station a spur connecting this line to the West Riding and Grimsby Railway at Hampole diverged.
"Railways of South Yorkshire", C.T.Goode. Dalesman Publishing. 

Semantically-Interlinked Online Communities Project (SIOC - pronounced "shock") is a Semantic Web technology. SIOC provides methods for interconnecting discussion methods such as blogs, forums and mailing lists to each other. It consists of the SIOC ontology, an open-standard machine readable format for expressing the information contained both explicitly and implicitly in Internet discussion methods, of SIOC metadata producers for a number of popular blogging platforms and content management systems, and of storage and browsing/searching systems for leveraging this SIOC data.
The SIOC vocabulary is based on RDF and is defined using RDFS. SIOC documents may use other existing ontologies to enrich the information described. Additional information about the creator of the post can be described using FOAF Vocabulary and the codice_1 property. Rich content of the post (e.g., an HTML representation) can be described using the AtomOWL or RSS 1.0 Content module.
The SIOC project was started in 2004 by John Breslin and Uldis Bojars at DERI, NUI Galway. In 2007, SIOC became a W3C Member Submission.
Here are some of the concrete implementations and applications that produce and/or use SIOC data.


Stoydi "(shtoy-dee)" is a Dutch bear from fictional Holland children's stories.
Stoydi was created by Jo & Twiggy from 96 Trent FM as a fictitious toy. It was part of a "social experiment" to see if parents and children would believe that an imaginary toy would be 'in demand' just through the power of suggestion.
Jo & Twiggy had people asking where they could get hold of Stoydi, and a fake website was created, which also generated feedback from people wanting to buy Stoydi direct from the manufacturer.
Despite an on-air apology, Jo & Twiggy have promised to do penance for the Stoydi-effect involving a charitable activity.

Vasilissa Olga () was a Greek destroyer of the "Vasilefs Georgios" (modified G) class, which served with the Royal Hellenic Navy during the Second World War, becoming its most distinguished and successful ship until her loss in 1943. She was named after Queen Olga of Greece, the wife of King George I, and was the second ship to bear this name.
Built by Yarrow & Company (Scotstoun, Scotland), along with her sister ship, , she was the most modern ship of the Greek Navy at the outbreak of the Second World War. 
She participated in the naval operations of the Greco-Italian War, in convoy escort duty and in the first and third naval raids against Italian shipping in the Strait of Otranto (14–15 November 1940, and 4–5 January 1941).
After the German invasion of Greece, along with several other ships, she escaped to Alexandria in May 1941. She was assigned the British pennant number H 84, and after undergoing modernization in Calcutta (November–December 1941), she returned to active duty in the Mediterranean Sea. Under her captain, Lt. Cmdr. G. Blessas, she enjoyed several successes.
On 14 December 1942, she, along with the British destroyer , sank the Italian "Uarsciek" (620 tons) off Malta. The following month, on 19 January 1943, "Vasilissa Olga", along with British destroyers and , intercepted and sank the Italian transport ship "Stromboli" (475 tons) off the Libyan coast.
On June 2, 1943, "Vasilissa Olga" and the British destroyer engaged an Italian convoy and sank its lone escort, the (ca. 790 tons), off Cape Spartivento. The convoy, made of two Italian freighters, managed to escape.
"Vasilissa Olga" also participated in the capture of Pantelleria and the Allied invasion of Sicily. During the Allied operations during the Dodecanese Campaign in the Aegean Sea in September 1943, together with the British destroyers and , she sank a German convoy, consisting of the transports "Pluto" (2,000 tons) and "Paolo" (4,000 tons), near Astypalea. During the Battle of Leros, "Vasilissa Olga" transported members of the Long Range Desert Group to the island, but on 26 September, she was attacked and sunk by 25 Junkers Ju 88 bombers in the Gulf of Lakki in Leros. Commodore Blessas, 6 officers and 65 other members of the crew perished with the ship. A monument has been erected in Lakki in honour of the ship.

These are all used in article and talk spaces within the scope of :

Jan Michael van Breda Kolff (born December 16, 1951) is an American former college and professional basketball player and college basketball head coach. The son of coach Butch van Breda Kolff and grandson of Dutch soccerplayer Jan van Breda Kolff, he played from 1975 to 1983 for the Denver Nuggets, Kentucky Colonels, and Virginia Squires in the American Basketball Association, and the New York/New Jersey Nets in the National Basketball Association. From 1970 to 1974 he played for Vanderbilt University, and in 1974 he led the Commodores to a Southeastern Conference championship as SEC Player of the Year.
He also spent two years in Italy, from 1983 to 1985, helping Italian team Virtus Bologna win a championship.
Van Breda Kolff's tenure at St. Bonaventure ended abruptly in controversy late in the 2002–03 season. St. Bonaventure declared junior college transfer Jamil Terrell eligible to play without sitting out a year (as he would have been under NCAA rules if he had earned an associate degree), even though Terrell had only earned a welding certificate. Athletic director Gothard Lane had told school president Robert Wickenheiser that Terrell was ineligible to play that year. However, Wickenheiser, under prodding from his son Kort, who was also one of Van Breda Kolff's assistants, unilaterally declared Terrell eligible. School officials didn't seek guidance from the NCAA about Terrell's eligibility until the 2002–03 season was nearly over. The Bonnies were forced to forfeit every game in which Terrell played, and were also barred from the Atlantic 10 Conference tournament. In protest, the Bonnies players opted to sit out the last two games. Van Breda Kolff denied knowing about the scandal, and was cleared of wrongdoing.
On April 25, 2007, he was named as one of three finalists to become the new head coach of UC Riverside's men's basketball program.
Van Breda Kolff was named coach of the Nashville Broncos of the American Basketball Association in 2008. He stayed with the team through its name change to the Music City Stars, but lost his job when the team disbanded in 2010.

A listing of some of the guest stars who appeared on ""The Goodies", and the episodes in which they appeared.

A folly is a building constructed primarily for decoration. It is also a synonym of foolishness, the lack of wisdom.
Folly may also refer to:

Kasba Peth or Kasba is the oldest residential part, "Peth " (locality), in Pune, India. It is adjacent to the historic Shaniwar Wada palace-fort. Kasba Peth was the first Peth to be established sometime during the 5th century, and is the oldest area in Pune. It is called the "Heart of Pune City". In the history of Pune, the city was once known as "Kasbe Pune".
Kasba Ganapati is the Gram Devta of Pune.It was built during Shivaji's reign. Lal Mahal, the fortified residence of Shivaji, was situated in Kasba Peth. Today, its replica can be seen adjacent to Shaniwarwada. Being the oldest part of the City, old residential complexes, "Wada (house)", exist here. Kasba Peth is primarily a residential area. A wide variety of shops surround Kasba Peth (Tambat Ali, Shimpi Ali, Vyavahar Ali, Bhoi Ali, etc.). It is well known for the Kumbhar Wada (area of earthen potmakers) and the Tambat Ali (area of brass/copper utensil manufacturers).
There is a story about the Kasba Ganpati: Some children had brought cows to the area for grazing, and found an idol of Ganapati. Then, they colored this idol and started worshipping it. Shivaji's mother Jijabai also visited the temple often. Hence, Dadoji Konddeo built a pendol in front of the idol; this is where the Kasba Ganpati Temple is located today.
The part of the Peth near the Mutha river is known as Kumbhar Wada (locality of the earthen pot makers). Skilled metal craftsmen (known as Otari) known for crafting utensils out of brass and copper also reside there.
Lal Mahal and Kasba Ganapati Temple, Twashta Kasar Kalika Devi Temple are some of the places of interest. Budhwar Peth and Shaniwar Peth (in the Southwest), Rasta Peth (in the Southeast), Raviwar Peth (in the South) and Mangalwar Peth (in the East) are the neighbour Peths of Kasba Peth.


Offences Against the Person Act (with its variations) is a stock short title used for legislation in the United Kingdom, in the Republic of Ireland, and in Hong Kong relating to offences against the person. It seems to have been derived from the long title of the Act which has come to be known as the Offences against the Person Act 1828. It is sometimes abbreviated to OAPA, as in "OAPA 1861".
The Bill for an Act with this short title will have been known as a Offences Against the Person Bill during its passage through Parliament.
"Offences Against the Person Acts" may be a generic name either for legislation bearing that short title or for all legislation which relates to offences against the person. It is not a term of art.
The Offences against the Person Ordinances 1865 and 1913 is the collective title of the Offences against the Person Ordinance 1865 and the Offences against the Person (Amendment) Ordinance 1913. 

The Goodyear Television Playhouse is an American anthology series that was telecast live on NBC from 1951 to 1957 during the "Golden Age of Television". Sponsored by Goodyear, Goodyear alternated sponsorship with Philco, and the "Philco Television Playhouse" was seen on alternate weeks.
In 1955, the title was shortened to The Goodyear Playhouse and it aired on alternate weeks with "The Alcoa Hour". The three series were essentially the same, with the only real difference being the name of the sponsor.
Producer Fred Coe nurtured and encouraged a group of young, mostly unknown writers that included Robert Alan Aurthur, George Baxt, Paddy Chayefsky, Horton Foote, Howard Richardson, Tad Mosel and Gore Vidal. Notable productions included Chayefsky's "Marty" (May 24, 1953) starring Rod Steiger, Chayefsky's "The Bachelor Party" (1955), Vidal's "Visit to a Small Planet" (1955), Richardson's "Ark of Safety" and Foote's "The Trip to Bountiful".
From 1957 to 1960, it became a taped, half-hour series titled Goodyear Theater, seen on Mondays at 9:30 p.m.
"Goodyear Television Playhouse" finished #16 in the Nielsen ratings for the 1951-1952 season, #15 for 1952-1953 and #22 for 1953-1954.

Randall Bal (born November 14, 1980) is an American swimmer who specialized in the backstroke. He is a former world record holder in the 50-meter backstroke (long and short course).
He has won a total of thirteen medals in major international competition, five golds, six silvers, and two bronze spanning the World Championships, the Pan American Games, and the Pan Pacific Championships.
Bal was born in Fair Oaks, California in 1980, the son of Adrian and Carol Bal. His younger sister, Tamara, swam at UCLA. Bal attended Bella Vista High School where he graduated in 1999. From there, he swam for Stanford University, class of 2003, and graduated with a degree in psychology.
At the 2008 FINA Short Course World Championships in Manchester, he took the silver medal in the 100 Back, but he finished a surprising sixth (his PB would have won the event) in the 50 Back. He won another silver on the medley relay. He was the top qualifier in the 100 Back at the 2008 Olympic Trials, in both the preliminaries and semi-finals, with the then-third fastest time ever in the semis (53.09), but he faded to fourth in the finals, finishing behind Aaron Peirsol, who set a new World Record of 52.89, Matt Grevers, and Ryan Lochte. In 2008 Randall broke both the World Record (24.33 LCM & 22.87 SCM) in the 50 backstroke and missed the 100 LCM backstroke World Record by .04 of a second. He is currently training in northern California.





Yury Dmitrievich (26 November 1374, Pereslavl-Zalessky — 5 June 1434), also known as George II of Moscow, Yury of Zvenigorod and Jurij Zwenihorodski, was the second son of Dmitri Donskoi. He was the Duke of Zvenigorod and Galich from 1389 until his death. During the reign of his brother Vasily I, he took part in the campaigns against Torzhok (1392), Zhukotin (1414), and Novgorod (1417). He was the chief orchestrator of the Muscovite Civil War against his nephew, Vasily II, in the course of which he twice took Moscow, in 1433 and 1434.
By his wife, Anastasia, the daughter of Yury of Smolensk, Yury had three sons — Vasily Kosoy, Dmitry Shemyaka, and Dmitry Krasny. The marriage to Anastasia made him the brother-in-law of Švitrigaila, Grand Duke of Lithuania.
At his father's death, Yury received in appanage the towns of Zvenigorod, Ruza, and Galich.
Upon his brother's death, Yury immediately asserted his claim to the throne of Muscovy against that of Vasily's son, Vasily II. He referenced the old house law of the House of Rurik, whereby the senior throne in the dynasty passed from brother to brother, rather than from father to son. He also interpreted in his favour the testament of Dmitri Donskoi, written at the time when Vasily had been unmarried and childless.
In 1430, Yury and his nephew decided that the issue would be settled in the Golden Horde. The Khan supported the claim of Vasily II, but allowed Yury to take the appanage of his deceased younger brother, Peter of Dmitrov. This decision did not fully satisfy Vasily, who took Dmitrov by force and expelled Yury's governor from the town in 1432. In response, Yury rallied his forces and advanced on Pereslavl-Zalessky. Vasily II was defeated on the bank of the Klyazma River and fled to Kostroma. After that, Yury entered Moscow in triumph and proclaimed himself Grand Duke.
Instead of imprisoning his nephew, Yury allowed him to settle in Kolomna and rule the town as his appanage. This show of magnanimity cost him dearly, as scores of Muscovite boyars and noblemen fled to Vasily's court in Kolomna. This shift in momentum impelled Yury to conclude a treaty with Vasily, whereby the uncle renounced his claims to Moscow, promised to deny assistance to his sons, and exchanged Dmitrov for other territories. Vasily returned to Moscow, while Yury withdrew to Galich.
The following year, Kosoy and Shemyaka defeated Vasily II on the banks of the Kus River. The grand prince was informed that Yury's troops had been seen among his enemies and decided to punish him for this treachery. In winter 1434, he set Galich ablaze, but Yury had escaped northward to Belozersk. On 16 March, the armies of the uncle and the nephew clashed between Rostov and Pereslavl. Vasily's army was roundly defeated and he sought refuge in Nizhny Novgorod.
On 31 March 1434, on the Bright Week Wednesday, Yury again entered Moscow, where he captured Vasily's family and treasury. He was preparing a new campaign against Vasily when he died suddenly, on 5 July 1434, succeeded by his eldest son, Vasily Kosoy.

The Bosnia and Herzegovina football league system is a series of connected leagues for football clubs in Bosnia and Herzegovina. This system has a hierarchical format with promotion and relegation between leagues at different levels. The top division is organized by Football Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the second and third level by entity associations, and lower levels by cantonal or regional associations.
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina is at the top of the structure. It is the top flight in Bosnian club football and has 16 teams. The League champion is also the champion of Bosnia and Herzegovina and it gets the right to play in the UEFA Champions League qualifying rounds. The bottom two teams of the table are relegated to the second level of competition.
The second tier is divided into two leagues - First League of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and First League of the Republika Srpska, the first containing 16 clubs and the second 12 clubs. Relegated teams from the Premier League are demoted to the second level competition for the next season. Geographical location is the criteria for the decision in which one of these two leagues they will play. Winner of the league is promoted to Premier League, and bottom teams are relegated. The number of relegated teams depends on how many teams are entering from the Premier League and the Third Divisions.
Third level football is even more dispersed. Each league is associated with a different geographical area. In Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, there are four second divisions, and in Republika Srpska two second divisions. Same principle of promotion and relegation is used, so the league winners are promoted to the appropriate second level league, and clubs at the bottom of the table are relegated to lower levels.
In Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, there are ten cantons, contesting nine leagues, organized by cantonal football associations. Depending on how many clubs they have, cantons can have one or more leagues. In Republika Srpska, there are no cantons, but four football regions, each having a league. The First cantonal leagues in the Federation and regional leagues in Republika Srpska comprise the fourth level of club football.
Further down, there are big differences in organization. Some cantons (with big number of clubs) have second leagues. If there are clubs not associated with any of these leagues, municipality or intermunicipality leagues are organized.
Bosnia and Herzegovina Football Cup usually starts in spring with qualification matches. Those matches are played between lower league clubs on canton (Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina) or region (Republika Srpska) level. Best teams qualify to entity cups which are qualifying competitions for national cup.
In the first round of national cup, 12 Premier League teams are joined by 12 teams from Federation and 8 teams from Republika Srpska. First round is played over one leg while remaining rounds are played over two legs.



Edlington railway station was a small railway station at the eastern terminus of the Dearne Valley Railway. The station's full title as shown on the station nameboard is "Edlington for Balby Doncaster" (with the words 'for' and 'Doncaster' in lettering half size compared to the others). It was built to serve the mining village of Edlington and the Doncaster suburb of Balby in South Yorkshire, England.
The station, like others on the Dearne Valley, consisted of a bed of sleepers set at track level with an old L&Y coach body lit by a couple of gas lamps for a waiting shelter. The large station sign was removed in the late 1920s and replaced by a simple "Edlington".
The station was opened for passengers on 3 June 1912 and ceased on 10 September 1951. The passenger service was originally operated by a Hughes-designed 'railmotor' which was fitted with vacuum-operated retractable steps, thus saving on platform building. At first, trains were operated on behalf of the DVR by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway; when that company amalgamated with the London and North Western Railway on 1 January 1922, the combined organisation (also known as the London and North Western Railway) absorbed the DVR on the same day.


The Alcoa Hour is an American anthology television series that was aired live on NBC from 1955 to 1957. The series was sponsored by Alcoa.
Like the "Philco Television Playhouse" and "Goodyear Television Playhouse" that had preceded it, "The Alcoa Hour" was a one-hour live dramatic anthology series presenting both original stories and adaptations of popular works. The three series were essentially the same, with the only real difference being the name of the sponsor.
The series alternated weeks in the same time slot with the "Goodyear Television Playhouse" until both series ended in 1957.
One of the series' memorable episodes was the December 23, 1956, telecast of "The Stingiest Man in Town", a musical adaptation of Charles Dickens's "A Christmas Carol", starring Basil Rathbone as Scrooge and Martyn Green as Bob Cratchit. It was the only "Alcoa Hour" production to be granted an original cast album recording. "The Stingiest Man in Town" was remade in 1978 as a Rankin-Bass animated cartoon, featuring the voice of Walter Matthau as Scrooge.
The series' premiere episode, "The Black Wings", marked the American TV debut of Ann Todd.
The show garnered press in February 1956 for actor Lloyd Bridges' emotional performance in an episode titled "Tragedy in a Temporary Town", directed by Sidney Lumet. During the performance, Bridges inadvertently slipped some profanity in while ad-libbing. Although the slip of the lip generated hundreds of complaints, the episode won a Robert E. Sherwood Television Award, with Bridges' slip being defended even by some members of the clergy. The episode, during which an innocent Puerto Rican man is targeted by a mob for a sexual crime, was cited by the Anti-Defamation League as "the best dramatic program of the year dealing with interethnic group relations."

Khlong Khuean (, ) is a district ("amphoe") of Chachoengsao Province, central Thailand.
The district was created on 31 May 1993 by splitting it from Bang Khla district.
Following a decision of the Thai government on May 15, 2007, all of the 81 minor districts were to be upgraded to full districts. With the publishing in the Royal Gazette on August 24 the upgrade became official.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Bang Khla, Mueang Chachoengsao, Bang Nam Priao of Chachoengsao Province and Ban Sang of Prachinburi Province.
The important water resource is the Bang Pakong River.
The district Khlong Khuean is subdivided into 5 subdistrict ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 32 administrative villages ("muban").
There are 5 subdistrict administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:

Timothy A. Crown is an American businessman. He is co-founder and chairman of Insight Enterprises.
Crown studied computer science and business at the University of Kansas, and he graduated in 1986. He was a member of the Delta Chi fraternity. 
Upon Eric's graduation in 1986, the brothers obtained a $2,000 credit card advance to place a single advertisement in Computer Shopper, a computer parts magazine. The brothers wrote an advertisement and sent it to Computer Shopper for them to publish in their next magazine issue. At the time that the brothers wrote the advertisement, they were advertising a hard drive for a sales price less than the cost of purchasing the hard drive from a supplier. They were gambling that in the 20 days it would take to publish the magazine issue, the cost of a hard drive from a supplier would decrease so that it would be less than the selling price they wrote in the advertisement. This happened and their gamble paid off, making Hard Drives International famous for having the lowest prices on hard drives.
The brothers repeated the strategy and scaled the business, changing the name of the company to Insight Enterprises in 1988.
Originally, Insight attracted customers through advertising and the use of inbound toll-free telephone lines. In 1993, it expanded its marketing mix to include catalogs and added outbound telephone account executives to focus on establishing a larger customer base. In 1995, Insight debuted on the World Wide Web.
Insight Enterprises became a publicly traded company in January 1995. At the time, the company's annual revenue was approximately 200 million.
Then in 1997, Insight acquired TC Computers. In the same year, Insight Enterprises, Inc. became an international company with a startup in Montreal, Canada. The city of Montreal was chosen as a startup location because of its bilingual characteristics (English and French were prominent in the city). At the time, the theory was that a startup in Montreal would act as a learning opportunity. This learning opportunity occurred before the Insight brand advanced into non-English speaking nations.
After the Montreal, Canada startup succeeded, the Insight brand was launched in the United Kingdom and Germany. The United Kingdom expansion was accomplished through the acquisition of Plusnet and Choice Peripherals. Plusnet Technologies Limited was an internet service provider (ISP) and web site hosting company based in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, UK. Pulsnet was doing business as Force9, and Insight Enterprises, Inc. purchased 85% of the company. Choice Peripherals was based in Workshop, England. It was founded in 1992 and at the time of acquisition, it was the United Kingdom's leading director computer marketer. According to Tim Crown, who was President at the time, "Insight and Choice/Force9 have similar business philosophies and we believe the UK business community is primed for the introduction of Insight's successful model - outbound telephone sales to businesses, supplemented by electronic commerce and highly targeted direct marketing".
Then in 1999, the Insight brand launched in Winnipeg, Canada.
Insight acquired Action Computer in 2001. Action Computer Support, Ltd. was based in Chelmsford, United Kingdom. Founded in 1996, Action Computer Support, Ltd. provided small businesses with services designed to maximize technology investments. They provided managed services (which focused on prevention policies to deter downtime due to broken equipment), on-demand services, business continuity plans, etc.
In 2002, Insight acquired Comark in Chicago, Illinois. Comark was a software and network equipment retailer. As of 2000, its revenues were 1.56 billion dollars. In the same year, it had 1,364 employees. The company was also a private company, which was founded in 1977.
In 2006, Insight acquired Software Spectrum, a global software reseller which specialized in enterprise software license sales and software asset management. With the acquisition, Insight increased the number of countries in which in operated. Before the purchase, the company operated in 3 countries (US, Canada and the UK). After the acquisition it became a 24 country global powerhouse in information technology (IT) supply that rivaled Dell and Hewlett-Packard. The acquisition enabled Insight to supply its products to 170 countries. After the purchase, Insight started the process of expanding its product range in each country.
In 2008, Insight acquired Calence, LLC. The company, based in Tempe, Arizona, was founded in 1993. Calence, LLC provided networking solutions and built, managed, and optimized networks to enable organizations to plan, build, provide, and operate their network security, and communications infrastructure. This included network strategy formulation, network assessments, wireless infrastructure solutions, and IP convergence assessment. Currently, it operates as a subsidiary of Insight Direct USA, Inc.
In 2011, Insight acquired Ensynch, a Tempe, Arizona professional services firm which held multiple Microsoft Gold competencies. In the year prior to the acquisition Ensynch's service revenue was $16.2 million.
In 2012, Insight acquired Inmac in Germany. Inmac was founded in 1982, and it was a direct sales information technology organization. It then evolved into an information technology trading organization and ultimately it grew into the information technology procurement industry. It currently is a medium-sized company with more than 50,000 active customers and it offers more than 50,000 information technology products.
Today, Insight has more than $5 billion in annual revenues, and Tim serves as Chairman of the Board. Additionally, Insight is currently one of IBM's largest national resellers.
In 1993, the Crown Brothers and Mark Fife started a wholly owned subsidiary of Insight Enterprises. The concept was to leverage the Insight direct model to help companies like Toshiba, IBM, HP, Compaq, Xerox, and Lenovo compete with Dell's direct model. The Toshiba America Accessories program was first, followed by IBM.
Direct Alliance Corporation was sold to TeleTech in 2006.
During its history, Insight Direct, a subsidiary of Insight Enterprises, became a computer manufacturer by producing a computer. At one point, the company was one of the top 10 computer providers nationally. But, the Crown Brothers, seeing competing giants like Dell, Gateway, Acer, and Packard Bell meld into a grouping of small, strong, manufacturers, changed the course of the business and withdrew from the manufacturing operations. At the time, manufacturing sales accounted for approximately 40% of the company's revenue. While the manufacturing division was healthy, it was not considered to be a safe future operation.
Instead, the company focused on utilizing its former-competitors in the manufacturing business as suppliers, so that Insight Enterprises could upgrade and customize the supplied computers to fit specific customer specifications.
As of today, the former business-to-consumer (B2C) company has evolved into a business-to-business organization that delivers value-added products and services. Some of these include project management, storage, and software licensing management solutions.
In 2001, Tim and Eric Crown, along with William Andrew, created a 501(c)(3) (not for profit) community school serving Phoenix. They founded this organization after Tesseract Schools (a public company with over 40 schools nationwide) declared bankruptcy. Eric and Tim created an organization which became the debtor in possession (DIP). It provided financing for Tesseract in an attempt to ensure that no school closed during Tesseract's liquidation process. Tim and Eric Crown were ultimately able to purchase fixed assets and learning materials from the bankruptcy trustee. They then purchased the school building and property from a REIT. At this point, Summit School of Ahwatukee began, and it initially enrolled 50 students. It has now grown in size and it teaches 350 students (Pre-K through 8th Grade). Summit School of Ahwatukee is a private, non-profit, independent school. Elementary and middle school are accredited, by the North Central Association Commission on Accreditation and School Improvement (NCA CASI), a division of AdvancED®. Preschool is also nationally accredited, by the NAEYC (National Association for the Education of Young Children). The school's mission is to "foster academic excellence and the love of learning through a liberal arts education". Now, Tim and Eric Crown are on the Board of Trustees of the organization.
In 1997, Tim and Eric formed the Crown Foundation to benefit charitable causes. This non-profit organization is based in Arizona.
Tim Crown has started, invested in, and assisted in the growth of several dozen businesses. These include AVAI, Redcat Racing, StormWind Studios, TrueCloud, LeaseStation and Sports Logo Lights.
In 1997, Insight Enterprises sponsored a small NCAA football game that was based in Tucson, Arizona. Renaming it from the Copper Bowl to the Insight.com Bowl, this small bowl game eventually moved from its Tucson-home to Chase Field, the Major League baseball stadium in Phoenix, Arizona. At this time it was renamed the Insight Bowl. A few years later this bowl game moved again to Sun Devil Stadium. This move occurred when the Fiesta Bowl moved from Sun Devil Stadium to the new football arena in Glendale, Arizona, which is home to the Arizona Cardinals.
Tim Crown has been an active participant in Race Across America (RAAM), an organization which sponsors an endurance cycling event. The first RAAM began in 1982, when four people raced from the Santa Monica Pier in Los Angeles, CA to the Empire State Building, in New York, New York. This event was televised. Tim Crown has been involved in three of these races. In his most recent participation, in 2012, he was part of an eight-member team, which included his son and daughter. The event began in Oceanside, California and finished in Annapolis, Maryland. In that year's event, Tim Crown's relay team road for approximately 3,000 miles, climbed 170,000 feet, crossed 12 states, and passed through 88 counties and communities. It took Tim Crown's team 7 days, 1 hour, and 8 minutes to complete the event.
Tim Crown is also a member of the Young Presidents' Organization (YPO). This organization "connects you with successful young chief executives in a global network unlike any other". The organization was founded in New York, New York in 1950 and is composed of leaders from 110 countries. To join the organization, one must be under 45 years old and hold the title of President, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director, Managing Partner or Publisher of an organization that fulfills the corporate size requirements identified on their website.

Cheltenham Park Racecourse was a horse racing track located in the suburb of Cheltenham in Adelaide, South Australia. It is situated north-west of the centre of the city and approximately five kilometres from Port Adelaide. The track was 2052 metres in circumference with a 325-metre straight.
The Port Adelaide Racing Club began thoroughbred racing at the course and in 1921 the club bought the site on which the course stands for £25,000. The champion horse Tulloch became the first Australian horse to pass the £100,000 stakes mark when he won he S.J.Pullman Stakes at the track in 1961. Administration of the course was taken over by the South Australian Jockey Club in 1975. The racecourse was also once served by now-demolished Cheltenham Racecourse railway station on the Outer Harbor railway line.
In November 2007, the SAJC sold the racecourse land for A$85 million for a new housing development. It was proposed that the money be used to help fund the Victoria Park Racecourse redevelopment. However, following the decision to abandon racing at this venue the money will be utilised for further development at the Morphettville Racecourse. On Saturday 21 February 2009 the last race meeting was held at the course before its official closure following the sale, and the area was redeveloped as part of the new suburb of St Clair.

Antoine-Olivier Berthelet (May 25, 1798 – September 25, 1872) was a businessman, philanthropist and political figure in Lower Canada.
He was born in Montreal in 1798, the son of Pierre Berthelet, and studied at the Petit Séminaire de Montréal. He invested in land in the Montreal area, selling some at a profit and donating other parts to charities.
His charitable donations included the provision of property to Émilie Gamelin for use as a shelter for sick and elderly women, and the provision of food, money, and building assistance to the Misericordia Sisters.
He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada for Montreal East in an 1832 by-election; he opposed the Ninety-Two Resolutions. Berthelet was a member of the Fils de la Liberté, but opposed the use of force. He served on the municipal council for Montreal from 1840 to 1842. He was named to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada in 1841 but did not accept his nomination. He was a member of the Institut canadien de Montréal, leaving the organization when it was condemned by Bishop Ignace Bourget in 1858.
He died in Montreal in 1872.

Fábio Laguna (Brazil, March 1977) is a keyboardist most famous for playing with Angra since 2001 and for being a member of Hangar band since 2002. In 2006 he released his last solo album called Freakeys along with members of both bands.
Born in Mococa, a small city from São Paulo state in Brazil, Fábio began playing simple keyboards from an early age. Along with his older brother André, both had keyboard classes, which Fabio dropped early. As a teenager, he began rehearsing within his first rock band and having his first small concerts. After that he played in a small professional night band and for 4 years he toured the states of São Paulo and Minas Gerais in a VW Transporter (commonly known in Brazil as "Kombi", short form of "Kombinationfahrzeug").
After a tough decision of studying law, along with the college he played in other small rock bands, arranged and produced his first records and worked as a freelancer in several other bands too only for money.
In 1999 Fábio started playing with heavy metal bands, and he recorded his first solo album, "All Night Party at Gallamauaka's Land", which he used as a curriculum vitae for his 8 years of music by the time he was finishing college. Record company Mega Hard contacted Hangar and Fábio recorded the "Inside Your Soul" album.
By 2001, the famous Brazilian band Angra had been split and reformed with Hangar's drummer Aquiles Priester. Aquiles asked Fábio to join them for the Rebirth tour. Of course he accepted, dropping all other professional commitments in order to become "a heavy-metal keyboardist in the land of samba". He played a 100 concerts in 17 countries in this tour. In 2001 he also released "All Night Party at Gallamauaka's Land".
2003 had Fábio touring Brazil with Hangar, which he had become a full member the year before. He also recorded keyboards for the debut album of Thalion, "Another Sun".
His second solo album was called Freakeys, having Angra's and Hangar's members playing progressive metal, and was released in 2006.
In 2016, he was announced as the new keyboardist for folk metal band Tierramystica.

Alewife Brook Parkway is a short parkway in Cambridge and Somerville, Massachusetts. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It begins at Fresh Pond in Cambridge (linking to Fresh Pond Parkway via Concord Avenue), and heads north on the east bank of Alewife Brook, crossing into West Somerville and ending at the Mystic River on the Medford town line, where it becomes Mystic Valley Parkway. The entire length of Alewife Brook Parkway is designated as part of Massachusetts Route 16 (Route 16), while the southernmost sections are also designated as part of Route 2 and U.S. Route 3 (US 3). It is managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation with the Massachusetts Department of Transportation responsible for bridge maintenance.
The southern terminus of the parkway is the westernmost of the two Fresh Pond rotaries, with Concord Avenue connecting the parkway to Fresh Pond Parkway at the eastern rotary. The road is designated Massachusetts Routes 2 (northbound) and 16 (eastbound), and US Route 3 (northbound). The parkway runs roughly north, skirting just east of the Alewife T station to a large intersection (formerly a rotary), where the limited access highway carrying Route 2 to the west begins. The parkway runs north from this intersection, paralleling just east of the course of Alewife Brook, which forms the western boundary of Cambridge with Arlington. The first major intersection is with Massachusetts Avenue, which carries Massachusetts Route 2A eastward toward Porter Square, and Routes 2A and 3 westward into Arlington. The parkway continues to parallel Alewife Brook as it heads north into Somerville. After crossing Broadway, the parkway passes through a rotary-like interchange with Powder House Boulevard. It then passes Dilboy Stadium, on the left, and reaches its northern terminus at a small rotary near where Alewife Brook empties into the Mystic River. There it meets the Mystic Valley Parkway, which runs from Arlington just to the west to Medford to the northeast. The Route 16 designation continues northeast. The parkway's total length is just over two miles (about three kilometers).
The parkway, with the surrounding Alewife Brook Reservation (), forms part of Boston's Metropolitan Park District, established in 1893. It was originally planned by landscape architect Charles Eliot as one section of a web of pleasure roads designed for their aesthetics. Nearby Alewife Brook was straightened and channelized between 1909 and 1912, and construction of the parkway was completed by 1916. Landscaping was performed by the famed Olmsted Brothers firm. Route 2 connected to Alewife Brook Parkway as a highway in the present right-of-way at some point before 1937.
Along the southern end, Alewife Brook Parkway underwent further changes beginning in the late 1980s, including a new four lane causeway overpass spanning the Fitchburg line of the Commuter rail, new dedicated shoulder turning-lanes for exiting and entering the shopping centers, enlarged roundabouts with obstructive center trees removed, new raised grassy medians down the center of the parkway, and new trees, light poles, and bike lanes integrated into the sidewalks. Some of the other amenities integrated in the new design include handicap ramps and stairs on the northbound side of the bridge leading to the Rindge Towers, new sidewalk access leading to the Alewife T station, Alewife Linear Park, bike trail adjacent to Jerry's Pond, and a dedicated road for large trucks to service the shopping areas by passing below the overpass.
As traffic has grown over the past century, the original aesthetics of the parkway's southernmost sections have been largely lost. It is now the principal connector between Route 2 and the western suburbs, on the one hand, and downtown Cambridge and Boston on the other, and consequently carries a large volume of commuter traffic. The Alewife MBTA station is a prominent feature on the parkway, and there are shopping centers, parking lots, and office and apartment buildings lining the parkway between Alewife station and the southern terminus.
In February 2010, CBS-television affiliate WBZ questioned whether the remaining 118 rotaries such as the ones featured at Alewife Brook Parkway and Fresh Pond Parkway should be scrapped across Massachusetts.


Hawks are predatory birds.
Hawks may also refer to:

Tottenham South was a parliamentary constituency in Tottenham, in North London. It returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The constituency was created for the 1918 general election, and abolished for the 1950 general election.
The Urban District of Tottenham wards of Harringay, High Cross, and St Ann's.
General Election 1939/40
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1940. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by the Autumn of 1939, the following candidates had been selected; 


Logo of the Community Chest of Hong Kong


In mathematics, the Parry–Sullivan invariant (or Parry–Sullivan number) is a numerical quantity of interest in the study of incidence matrices in graph theory, and of certain one-dimensional dynamical systems. It provides a partial classification of non-trivial irreducible incidence matrices.
It is named after the English mathematician Bill Parry and the American mathematician Dennis Sullivan, who introduced the invariant in a joint paper published in the journal "Topology" in 1975.
Let "A" be an "n" × "n" incidence matrix. Then the Parry–Sullivan number of "A" is defined to be
where "I" denotes the "n" × "n" identity matrix.
It can be shown that, for nontrivial irreducible incidence matrices, flow equivalence is completely determined by the Parry–Sullivan number and the Bowen–Franks group.

Raphael House is a shelter in the Tenderloin, San Francisco, California, that provides transitional housing and support programs for parents and children who are experiencing homelessness.
Established in 1971 at Gough and McAllister Streets, Raphael House was the first shelter for homeless families in the city. It has been located on Sutter Street since 1977. It is a nonprofit organization and accepts no government funding, relying on San Francisco Bay Area philanthropy. Not all offers of support, however, are accepted.
From 1978 through 1999, Raphael House also operated Brother Juniper's Restaurant, an on-site breakfast café named for Saint Juniper. Although it brought Raphael House a small net profit for twenty years, the expense of renovating its kitchens and the need for additional space for the children's afterschool tutorial center combined to impel its closure.

Marshall Russell Reed (15 September 1891 – March 1973) was an American Bishop of The Methodist Church and the United Methodist Church, elected in 1948.
Reed was born in Onsted, Michigan, the son of Fred Pitts and Elsie Adelphia (Russell) Reed. He married Mary Esther Kirkendall 14 May 1917. They had the following children: (Mrs.) Elizabeth Jane (Gray), (Mrs.) Elsie Mae (Ferentz) and (Mrs.) Mary Louise (Ives).
Reed earned an A.B. degree in 1914 from Albion College. He attended Drew Theological Seminary, then earned the B.D. degree from Garrett Biblical Institute in 1916. He also earned an M.A. from Northwestern University in 1917.
He was a member of the Delta Tau Delta fraternity. He was also inducted into the Delta Sigma Rho and Phi Beta Kappa honorary fraternities.
Reed was honored with the D.D. degree by Albion College in 1931 and by Garrett Biblical Institute in 1940.
Rev. Reed served the following appointments as Pastor of Methodist Episcopal and Methodist Churches in the State of Michigan: Gaines, Onaway, Redford, the Jefferson Avenue Methodist Church in Detroit, Ypsilanti, and the Nardin Park Church in Detroit.
Rev. Reed was also elected as a delegate to the General Conferences of the Methodist Episcopal and Methodist Churches in 1932-48, including the Uniting Conference of 1939, and to Jurisdictional Conferences, 1940-48.
He served the Detroit Annual Conference as a member of the Board of Ministerial Training. He was a member of the Children's Home Society and of the Board of the Chelsea Home for the Aged.
Rev. Reed was a Mason and a member of Kiwanis. His hobbies included gardening, and he enjoyed football and baseball.
Rev. Reed was elected to the Episcopacy by the 1948 North Central Jurisdictional Conference of The Methodist Church. He was assigned to the Detroit Episcopal Area (the Detroit and Michigan Annual Conferences). He retired in 1964.
Reed died in March 1973 in Chelsea, Michigan.

Expression of Rhodopsin-1 (Rh1) in the Drosophila eye as visualised by labelling with an anti-Rh1 primary antibody (4c5: Developmental Studies Hybridoma Bank) and an anti-mouse-Alexa488 secondary antibody (Molecular Probes). Rh1 is expressed in photoreceptor cells R1-R6 where it absorbs blue light (488nm). The central photoreceptor cell R7 is not labelled.

The Shire of Cuballing is a local government area located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. Cuballing is located north of the town of Narrogin and southeast of the capital, Perth. The Shire covers an area of and its seat of government is the small town of Cuballing.
Over 10% of its area contains native dryandra forests. The economy, worth approximately $20 million per year to the state economy, is based on agriculture, with cereal grains, sheep and pig farming being the main activities
On 31 October 1902, the Cuballing Road District was created. On 1 July 1961, it became a shire following the enactment of the "Local Government Act 1960".
On 3 May 2003, the shire was divided into two wards.
Between 1912 and 2003, the ward names were as follows:

A Cemetery Special is a 2005 PBS television documentary film by Rick Sebak of WQED. The documentary profiles cemeteries and cemetery-related businesses and events across the United States.
The following cemeteries are covered in the film:

The Port Adelaide Racing Club (PARC) was founded in 1890.
The first meeting of the club was held in the same year on a course located on Grand Junction Road and in 1895 transferred to a leased site at Cheltenham Park.
In 1921 the club had sufficient funds to purchase the site for £25,000.
Following a government decree the club was merged with the South Australian Jockey Club (SAJC) in 1973 and by 1975 administration of the course had been passed over to the SAJC.
Although the club is now defunct race meetings were held at the Cheltenham Park Racecourse until 2009. The racecourse has since been turned into a future housing estate and park. 

The International Financial Services District (IFSD) is a ten-year public-private project in Glasgow, Scotland. Based at Scottish Enterprise, the £1 billion venture aims to create an attractive inward investment location for leading international financial services companies and a re-location option for existing Glasgow-based companies, seeking to expand their operations.
Prior to the launch of the IFSD in 2001, the long-term decline of the old Port of Glasgow and its associated wharves and warehousing had resulted in a neglected infrastructure in Glasgow’s city centre area fronting the River Clyde, otherwise known as the Broomielaw. The result was a small number of isolated modern offices, standing adjacent to derelict land and vacant dilapidated buildings, loosely connected to Glasgow's traditional core business district centred on Blythswood Square at the western end of the city centre.
Planning led by Scottish Enterprise and Glasgow City Council, aimed to create a new, dynamic focus for the area’s regeneration, through the establishment of the IFSD. This was an important development of Glasgow’s financial services sector, which, with 28,000 employees, was recognised as vital to the city’s economic fortunes. In order to develop a fully serviced financial services district and exploit its long term potential, significant investment was required to create the right environment.
No official boundary of the IFSD exists; notionally the term refers to the approximately 1 square kilometer area of the city centre bounded by the M8 motorway to the west, the River Clyde the south, Hope Street to the east, and Sauchiehall Street to the north - taking in most of Blythswood Hill, the south eastern fringe of Anderston and part of Charing Cross. This has given rise to the area's nicknames in the popular press the "Square Kilometre" (in reference to the "square mile" of the City of London), and more the popular and widely used "Wall Street On Clyde".
Since the start of the project, over 15,000 jobs have been created in the area, with several of the world's leading financial companies having a presence in the district.
A constant stream of new buildings has appeared in the IFSD since 2001, with more in the pipeline. The Aurora building in the IFSD for example has won several UK wide awards as large scale speculative office building.
The IFSD is connected by five National Rail stations, with routes that reach regionally and nationally.
The IFSD is well connected with two Glasgow Subway stations. The Glasgow Subway the world's third oldest underground metro railway in the world. The two stations that cover the IFSD are:
The IFSD has links to the nearby M8 Motorway, which runs through Central Glasgow. The motorway connects the city with Edinburgh, Livingston, Glasgow, Glasgow Airport, Paisley, Erskine Bridge and Greenock.

Death Ambient is an American experimental and ambient music trio comprising Kato Hideki (bass guitar), Ikue Mori (drum machines), and Fred Frith (guitar). The group was formed by Hideki and Mori in 1995 and recorded three albums: "Death Ambient" (1995) "Synaesthesia" (1999), "Drunken Forest" (2007) with guest Jim Pugliese.
Kato Hideki, a Japanese bass guitarist and founding member of Ground Zero, moved to New York City in 1992. He began working with Christian Marclay, Marc Ribot, and John Zorn. In 1995, he began collaborating with Ikue Mori, who had been the drummer for DNA. After DNA disbanded, Mori experimented with drum machines to allow them to play samples of music. Mori and Hideki invited guitarist Fred Frith to the join the group. A founding member of Henry Cow, Frith had lived in New York City for fourteen years and collaborated with many experimental music musicians. According to Mori, the aim of Death Ambient was "to create sounds and texture extravaganza."
Death Ambient recorded their first album, "Death Ambient" at Green Point Studio in Brooklyn in 1995. The ambient music was a collection of improvised pieces that included Mori's drum machine generated sound samples. The album was released the same year in the New Japan series on John Zorn's Tzadik record label.
In 1997 American guitarist James Plotkin temporarily replaced Frith for a UK tour that included concerts in London and Stirling.
The London concert was broadcast on BBC Radio 3's show, "Mixing It". Frith rejoined Death Ambient in 1998 and the trio gave a concert in Halle, Germany. It was the first time the original trio had performed together as a group. In June 1999 they returned to New York City to record their second album, "Synaesthesia", using material from the concert in Germany. It was also released on Tzadik Records in 1999.
In May 2007, after six years in the making, "Drunken Forest" with guest percussionist Jim Pugliese was released, also in Tzadik's New Japan series. The trio (without Pugliese) performed the album live at John Zorn's not-for-profit experimental music performance space, The Stone, on May 4 and 5, 2007.

Citizens ( ; ; ; ; shortened as Cs—C's until January 2017), officially Citizens–Party of the Citizenry, is a liberal political party in Spain which is self-described as postnationalist. Citizens was presenting itself as a centre-left party which offered a mix of social democracy and liberal-progressive positions on its platform; however, the party is largely perceived by the Spanish population as centre-right.
It was founded in Catalonia, in whose Parliament it has 25 deputies and is strongly opposed to Catalan nationalism. The leader of the party uses the phrase "Catalonia is my homeland, Spain is my country and Europe is our future" to outline the party's ideology.
Citizens brands itself as a centre-left party in its statement of principles ("ideario"). Albert Rivera refused to locate Citizens on the political spectrum for a time, though. And he has recently been placing Cs in the political centre. Although some observers agree with the party's "ideario" by describing Cs as centre-left and others agree with Albert Rivera's last definition by describing the party as centrist, the vast majority of them have positioned Citizens on the centre-right. In nationalist and separatist circles, where opposition to their views is the main determinant of where a party is positioned on the political spectrum, they are considered far-right. Podemos and other far-left parties who hold a more conciliatory strategy towards separatist movements also tend to position Ciudadanos in the far right.
Ideologically, Cs describes itself as a progressive, secular, constitutional Spanish unionist, European federalist and postnationalist political party. Ciudadanos supports the current autonomous rights granted to autonomous communities in Spain, but rejects the autonomous communities' right to self-determination outside of the Spanish state. As an originally Catalan party it specifically opposes Catalan nationalism as an outdated, authoritarian and socially divisive ideology which fuels hatred among both Catalans and Spaniards. Rivera uses the phrase "Catalonia is my homeland, Spain is my country and Europe is our future" to describe the party's ideology. 
The party opposes separatist movements such as the Catalan independence movement and opposes federating the autonomous communities. Even though Citizens is a supporter of European federalism nowadays, it ran in the 2009 European Parliament election in coalition with the far-right, Eurosceptic party Libertas. Although reconsidering the current head of state is not a priority for the party, Albert Rivera has said that Citizens is "a republican party which claims that Spanish citizens are who have to decide whether they prefer a once-modernized monarchy or a republic through a referendum in the context of a constitutional reform". 
According to its declared identity signs, Cs advocates four basic lines of action:
The Cs have outlined some policies for the 2015 general election:
Cs is mostly considered a liberal party both in economic policies and social issues, but its political discourse is mainly centered around opposition to Catalan nationalism, to the extent that it has been frequently criticised for being a single issue party, a label rejected by its members. In the period 2006-2012, the number of Cs voters who had voted for centre-right parties in previous elections was similar to the number who had voted for centre-left parties, suggesting that the party's positions on general economic and social issues are not its main draw. Cs criticise any sort of nationalism, "including the Spanish nationalism that Mr. Ynestrillas defends".
One of the main issues raised by the party is the Catalan language policy, which actively promotes the use of Catalan language as the sole working language of Catalan public administration. The party challenges this policy and defends equal treatment of the Spanish and Catalan languages. It also opposes the current language policy within the Catalan educational system, in accordance with which all public schooling is delivered in Catalan. 
The party also supports strengthening the powers of the Spanish central institutions and curtailing the powers of regional administrations.
Other topics include a thorough reform of the electoral system with the aim of creating greater proportionality that would give less weight to single constituencies. They also support some changes in the 1978 constitution, especially regarding regional organisation. Regarding the chartered autonomous communities' tax regimes, the party respects and does not want to remove the Basque Country's and Navarre's chartered regimes because it believes that "they aren't discriminatory in and of themselves"; however, it criticises what it calls the miscalculation of the quota or contribution which is negotiated between governments and has been causing significant differences that have become outrageous". It proposes a review and a recalculation of the "Basque Quota" and the "Navarrese Contribution" in order to stop the Basque Country and Navarre being "net beneficiaries".
Among other policies, they also support a regulation of prostitution, marijuana and euthanasia.
Prominent meetings of the party have been reportedly picketed by Catalan separatist groups on several occasions. Its leader Albert Rivera has received anonymous death threats urging him to quit politics. Two members of the ERC Youth were sentenced to prison for it.
Xavier Casals, an expert on far-right movements, has described Cs platform as populist. And another expert in far-right movements, investigative journalist , characterized Cs as a "great magnet for the extreme right"—a trait, he alleged, they share with People's Party. Borràs also highlighted, in the same interview, two facts: Cs was not only the first political party that made a Parliament request to deprive immigrants of universal health care, but also the only party (along with PP) which refused to condemn the Fascist coup d'état that led to the Spanish Civil War. 
Although Cs identifies its core ideology as progressive, its campaign videos feature notorious right-leaning socialites, journalists and television personalities such as Carlos Navarro, who is known for having voiced extremely xenophobic views as well as having displayed sexist and violent behaviour on television. More recently, another member was expelled after allegedly making xenophobic and anti-Catalan comments on Twitter. 
In 2006, the newspaper "El Periódico de Catalunya" revealed that Rivera was a card-carrying member of the conservative People's Party (PP) between 2002 and 2006, and that he had left the PP only three months before running for election for the Citizen's Party; this was corroborated by "El Mundo" and "El País". Despite these revelations, Rivera denied having been a full member of PP and implied that he had voted for the PSOE until recently. Past PP membership is common among Cs members. Former PSC activist Juan Carlos Girauta had joined the PP and became a prolific contributor to conservative journalism from his Libertad Digital column, before becoming a Citizens member and candidate in the 2014 European Election. During his long tenure as Libertad Digital columnist and COPE debater, Girauta expressed strong sympathies for right-wing Zionism (to the point of calling then-president Zapatero an anti-Semite) and lent credibility to the now discredited book by Victor Farías dismissing Socialist politician Salvador Allende as a racist and a Social Darwinist, without clarifying that the quotations about genetic determinism in Allende's doctoral dissertation were themselves quotations from other authors (mostly Cesare Lombroso) or the fact that Allende was highly critical of these conclusions in his thesis, which was later published as a rebuttal to Farías' position. Farías was later sued for this but Girauta never retracted his statements.
In 2015, a member of the Citizens electoral list for Gijón to the city council and regional elections posted pro-falangist, pro-Blue Division and pro-Hitler Youth messages on Facebook. Those same elections carried news of at least five other former card-carrying Falange and/or España 2000 members.
"Ciutadans" was formed in Catalonia in July 2006 in response to the call made in a manifesto by a group of well-known figures in Catalan civic society (among them Albert Boadella, Félix de Azúa and Arcadi Espada), in which they called for a new political force to "address the real problems faced by the general public". In this manifesto, they also warned that "the rhetoric of hatred promulgated by official Catalan government media against everything 'Spanish' is more alarming than ever" and that "the (Catalan) nation, promoted as an homogenous entity, has taken over the space where an undeniably diverse society lived".
This group of personalities, almost entirely based in Barcelona, formed a political platform called "Ciutadans de Catalunya", or Citizens of Catalonia, in July 2005. They organised several round tables and conferences and by 2006 they had announced the formation of a new political party, called "Ciutadans", or Citizens. In their first conference of 2006, a young lawyer from Barcelona, Albert Rivera, was elected president.
In the 2006 elections for the Parliament of Catalonia, Cs won 3% of the votes and returned three MPs. Four years later, in 2010, a similar result was achieved (3.4%, 3 MPs). Mainly as a counter to the growing public support for independence in Catalonia, Cs – as one of the most outspoken opponents of this movement - has since further grown substantially in support. In the 2012 snap elections the number of votes more than doubled (7.6%, 9 MPs). All but one of these seats were in the Province of Barcelona. In the 2015 Catalan elections, Cs more than doubled its votes and became the second largest fraction in the Catalan parliament.
In 2013, the party started organising in the rest of Spain with a manifesto called "La conjura de Goya" (The Confederacy of Goya) that took place in the Congress Palace of Madrid. In the 2015 Spanish general elections, Cs entered parliament with 13.9 % and 40 seats. Cs promised PSOE support in parliament in exchange for a number of political concessions. This pact, however, did not gain a parliamentarian majority, paving the way for a repeat election in 2016. In this elections Cs lost only 0.8%, but lost 8 seats due to Spain's electoral system. After these elections, Cs could strike a deal with the conservative PP in supporting its government in exchange for a number of political concessions. After a 10-month political deadlock, PP leader Mariano Rajoy was able to become Prime Minister thanks to Cs support and an abstention of PSOE. 
In the 2014 European elections the party received 3.16% of the national vote, and elected two MEPs. Both MEPs joined the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE) group.
The party was accepted into the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party on 4 June 2016.
During the 2006 election campaign, the party's president Albert Rivera appeared completely naked in a poster in order to attract publicity to the party.
The party frequently complains about an alleged boycott on the part of Catalan media, especially public television: in their opinion, the party is given too little airtime to present its views on public television. They have also criticised the Catalan press for similar reasons, especially the Spanish-language Catalan newspapers "La Vanguardia" and "El Periódico de Catalunya". On the other hand, its opponents and critics frequently point out the disproportionately high coverage of "Ciutadans" by the Spanish national media, especially the Madrid-based Libertad Digital, El Mundo, Telemadrid, and ABC.
In 2009 it was announced that Cs would run for the European Election allied with the Libertas coalition. The party's association with Declan Ganley's Libertas platform raised some concern on account of the coalition formed by the latter with nationalist and ultra-nationalist parties in each of its local European chapters, seemingly at odds with the professed ideology of Cs.
Several intellectuals that had participated in the formation of "Ciutadans" later withdrew their support. Albert Boadella, for example, became one of the co-founders of the Union, Progress and Democracy (UPyD) party led by former Basque Socialist politician Rosa Díez.
According to some members of Cs, the negotiations prior to this electoral pact were led personally and secretly by the party leader, Albert Rivera. This alienated the other two MPs (besides Rivera himself) and a significant part of the party from his leadership. In turn, the official stance of Cs is that the critics are using the dispute as a pretext to canvass support for the ideologically similar UPyD.

Author Meets the Critics was an American talk show which was broadcast by the National Broadcasting Company, American Broadcasting Company, and the DuMont Television Network. The series began as a mid-season replacement on NBC on April 4, 1948, but was transferred to ABC during 1949. The show was transferred back to NBC during 1951, and then to DuMont from January 10, 1952, to October 10, 1954.
On the series, two critics debated a recently published book, one in favor and the other against. Later, the author of the book appeared to meet the critics.
John K. M. McCaffery was the moderator from 1948 to 1951. Faye Emerson had a brief stint as moderator during 1952, during which the show was transferred to prime time. Virgilia Peterson was the moderator during the DuMont run from 1952 to 1954, when the show was broadcast Thursdays at 10pm EST.
The DuMont episodes of the series were produced by Phyllis Adams Jenkins (1923-2004), a pioneer in providing serious programming intended for daytime television audiences. She later produced other series, including "What's the Problem?", the daytime series "Home" featuring Arlene Francis during the 1950s, and Dinah Shore's daytime series during the 1960s.
On his series, Ernie Kovacs parodied it as "Author "Heats" the Critics", with the author attacking the critics, rather than the other way around.
An earlier version appeared on radio June 12, 1946 - April 2, 1947, on the Mutual network. 
As with most DuMont series, not many episodes of the DuMont version are known to survive. The March 27, 1949, episode of original NBC version of the series is preserved from kinescope recordings at the Paley Center for Media in New York City.

Born in Ehime Prefecture, Yanaihara became a Christian under the influence of Uchimura Kanzō's Mukyokai or Nonchurch Movement, while he was studying at the University of Tokyo. In the 1930s he was appointed to the chair of colonial studies at the University of Tokyo, formerly held by his teacher Nitobe Inazō. However, Yanaihara's pacifist views and emphasis on indigenous self-determination, which he partly inherited from Nitobe – a Quaker and founding member of the League of Nations – came into a full conflict with Japan's wartime government during the World War II. He was noted for his criticism of Japan's expansionist policies. As a result, Yanaihara was forced to resign from teaching under pressure by right-wing scholars in 1937. Yanaihara resumed his teaching after the war and taught international economics at the University of Tokyo. He served as the president of the University from 1951 to 1957. 
For critical studies of Yanaihara's legacy, see "Yanaihara Tadao and Japanese Colonial Policy: Redeeming Empire", by Susan C. Townsend (Richmond: Curzon, 2000); and "The Japanese Colonial Empire, 1895-1945", edited by Ramon H. Myers and Mark R. Peattie (Princeton: Princeton U.P., 1984).

The Nablus Governorate ( '; ') is an administrative district of the Palestine
located in the Central Highlands of the West Bank, 53 km north of Jerusalem. It covers the area around the city of Nablus which serves as the "muhfaza" (seat) of the governorate. The governor of the district is Mahmoud Aloul.
The following localities have populations over 4,000 and municipal councils of 11-15 members.
The following localities have populations above 1,000 and village councils of 3 to 9 members.


The following 45 films, all from different countries, were submitted for the 71st Academy Awards in the category Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film (release at the country of origin November 1, 1997 - October 31, 1998, ceremony March 1999). The five nominated films came from Argentina, Brazil, Iran, Spain and the eventual winner, "Life Is Beautiful", from Italy. The Academy had initially invited 73 countries to submit their films.
Kyrgyzstan submitted a film for the first time, and Lebanon & Morocco both returned to the competition after a 20-year absence.

Said and Done is the debut album by Irish boy band Boyzone. The album was released on 21 August 1995 by Polydor Records. As of December 1997, the album had sold 2.2 million copies worldwide.
The album was released officially in Ireland and the UK on 21 August 1995, by Polygram International and in the United States. Nearly a month after its release, the album topped the UK Albums Chart on the week of 2 September 1995. The album was certified as 3x Platinum in the UK. The album spent 58 weeks on the UK Top 75 Albums chart. Some Japanese Editions of the album came encased in a special slipcase, containing a bonus photo booklet. The first Irish pressing of the album, of which only around 10,000 copies exist, contains the group's debut single, "Working My Way Back to You", in place of "Father and Son", which was featured as a B-side to "Love Me for a Reason" instead. This version was available nearly two months earlier, on 4 August 1995, as an exclusive to the Irish retail chain "Foley's". All later pressings contain the final track listing. Five official singles were released from the album: "Love Me for a Reason", "Key to My Life", "So Good", "Father and Son" and "Coming Home Now". "Believe in Me" was also issued as a single, exclusively in Japan. It was released as an alternative to "Father and Son" in the country. The Boyzone members on this album are Ronan Keating, Keith Duffy, Michael Graham, Shane Lynch and Stephen Gately.

The St. Anthony Foundation is a nonprofit social service organization in San Francisco, California. They are best known for their operation of the St. Anthony Dining Room in the Tenderloin District. It was founded in 1950 by Franciscan friar Alfred Boeddeker to serve free meals to the poor in an ordinary restaurant-like setting. The Dining Room has served as many as 2,500 plates of food a day, and over thirty seven million meals since its creation. The foundation operates a residential drug and alcohol treatment program for men, the Father Alfred Center, whose residents provide volunteer labor for the Dining Hall. Other social services are provided. Local political figures honoring the foundation include Representative Nancy Pelosi, who served the thirty five millionth meal in 2009. The Foundation's dining hall is scheduled to move to a new building in 2012.


Agnes Baldwin Alexander (1875–1971) was an American author and a member of the Bahá'í Faith.
Agnes Baldwin Alexander was born July 21, 1875, in the Kingdom of Hawaii. She was the youngest of five children born to William De Witt Alexander and Abigail Charlotte née Baldwin Alexander. The Alexanders were a scion of two of Hawaii’s most illustrious Christian missionary families—the Alexanders and the Baldwins. Her father was one of Hawaii’s most famous men as President of Oahu College, author of "A Brief History of the Hawaiian People," and first Surveyor-General of the Hawaiian Islands.
Alexander graduated from Oahu College in 1875, later doing undergraduate work at Oberlin College and U.C. Berkeley. After teaching for a few years, she fell prey to chronic illness. In 1900, she joined a group of Islanders who were going on a tour of Europe. In November 1900, She was in Rome where she encountered an American Bahá’í woman and her two daughters who were returning from a Bahá’í pilgrimage in the Holy Land, then called Syria. As the result of an epiphany one night, which she described as “neither a dream nor vision”, she embraced the Bahá’í Revelation and accepted its new Manifestation, Bahá’u’lláh, whose name means ‘The Glory of God’.
At the request of Bahá’u’lláh’s eldest son, ‘Abdu’l-Baha, Miss Alexander pioneered the Bahá’í Faith in Japan in 1914. In 1921 she became the first to introduce the New Gospel in Korea. Except for extended vacations in Hawaii, Agnes spent over thirty years in Japan.
Alexander became an early advocate of Esperanto and used that new international language to spread the Bahá’í teachings at meetings and conferences.
At the request of Bahá’u’lláh’s great-grandson, Agnes Alexander wrote two histories: "Forty Years of the Bahá’í Cause in Hawaii: 1902-1942" and "History of the Bahá’í Faith in Japan: 1914-1938". Both of these volumes were published posthumously.
In 1957, the head of the Bahá’í Faith, Shoghi Effendi Rabbani, appointed Agnes Alexander a Hand of the Cause of God, the highest rank one may hold as an individual Bahá’í.
In 1964, Alexander represented the Universal House of Justice, the supreme administrative body of the Bahá’í Faith, at the election of Hawaii’s first National Spiritual Assembly in Honolulu. After suffering a broken hip in 1965, and spending two years in a Tokyo hospital, Agnes Alexander returned home to Honolulu in 1967. Ironically, the Arcadia residence where she passed her last four years was adjacent to her birthplace on Punahou Street.
On January 1, 1971, Alexander died. She was buried behind Kawaiahao Church with her missionary forebears.
Agnes Alexander is related to several notable people including: Amos Starr Cooke, David Dwight Baldwin, William Owen Smith, Samuel T. Alexander, Henry P. Baldwin, Annie Montague Alexander, and others. Her parents were William D. Alexander and Abigail Baldwin and grandparents William P. Alexander and Mary Ann McKinney from her father, and Dwight Baldwin and Charlotte Fowler through her mother.
Alexander wrote one book on the history of the Bahá'í Faith in Japan and was covered in detail by a number of other books.


View from the Priopcea pass, overlooking the village of Cerna.
Author: Andrei C.

Royal Flush is a solitaire card game which is played with a deck of 52 playing cards. The game is so called because the aim of the game is to end up with a royal flush of any suit. However, the game is so much mechanical in nature that there is currently no electronic or computer implementation. Its rules are so far included in printed matter such as "The Complete Book of Solitaire and Patience Games" by Albert Morehead and Geoffrey Mott-Smith and "100 Best Solitaire Games" by Sloane Lee and Gabriel Packard.
First, the deck is dealt into five piles: two piles of eleven cards and three piles of ten. The player first turns the first pile up and looks for either an ace, a ten, a king, a queen, and a jack, cards which comprise a royal flush. Once such a card is found, the search ends there, with the cards on top of it discarded and those under it left alone. The search then proceeds into the next pile and the search for other cards in the royal flush continues. Also, the suit of the first card found determines the suit of the entire royal flush. When a pile contains no card of the royal flush being searched, the entire pile is discarded. When another royal-flush card is found in a pile, the search continues until all five piles are searched and royal-flush cards are at the top of their piles.
Afterwards, the piles are placed on top of each other in the reverse direction of the deal. So if the deal is from left to right, once the search ends, each pile is placed on its neighbor to the left. (Morehead and Mott-Smith's rule said stated that the piles should be turned face down first before the piles are gathered). The discarded cards are set aside.
Then without shuffling, the remaining cards are dealt this time into four piles. After this, the search the cards of the royal flush begins again with the same procedure already stated above. Once all four piles are searched and regathered, the remaining cards (again without reshuffling) are dealt into three piles. The process continues, and after the gathering of the piles, the cards are dealt into two piles and the procedure begins once more.
When the two piles are regathered, the remaining cards at this point are then dealt into a single pile. Even at this point, the search stops when a royal-flush card is found and the cards on top of it are discarded. The game is won when the cards of the royal flush are the only ones left in the pile and are arranged in any order. If there are any other cards sandwiched among the royal flush cards, the game is lost.
To give the game some variation, Lee and Packard (in their book "100 Best Solitaire Games") suggests the player to try other poker hands such as four-of-a-kinds, full houses, or straight flushes. The player can simply look for a specific hand or look for certain cards to include in his/her hand while playing the game.


This is the official logo of the Shire of Cuballing, a local government area in Western Australia, used as the primary means of identification of the entity. It is not replaceable by a free image as it is a corporate logo.


Adly Yaish (, ) is the mayor of the Nablus Municipality (Dec. 2005–present) in the central highlands of the West Bank under the Palestinian National Authority.
He is a known businessman working in automobiles trade
On 24 May 2007 he was arrested by Israeli forces. He spent 15 months in prison without being charged.

The Wedding may refer to:

MBC Dynamo Moscow (in ) is a former Russian professional basketball team from Moscow, Russia.
Created in 1923 when Russia was part of the Soviet Union, Dynamo is among the oldest sports clubs in the country. Its name was chosen because Dynamo means 'power in motion'. The club was backed by the State Political Directorate (GPU), a police apparatus of the USSR. That is why the team has always been thought of as the police club, while cross-town rival CSKA Moscow was the army club. However, the connection between the police and the sportsmen at Dynamo has been almost non-existent in recent years. Dynamo quickly earned a reputation outside the Soviet Union borders due to its success in major sports such as football, handball, ice hockey and, of course, basketball. Dynamo Moscow won the USSR League championship in 1937 and 1948 and also made it to the final in 1944 and 1990.
Over the decades, Dynamo earned a reputation for being among the strongest teams nationally and around the continent. Dynamo finished third in the Soviet Union League standings in 1946, 1957 and 1958, as well as making it to the 1952 USSR Cup final. Years of domestic obscurity followed in which the team could not achieve any remarkable domestic success. A few former Dynamo players participated in some of the most historic moments in USSR sport. Aleksandr Boloshev was a member of the Olympic Team that won the gold medal in Munich 1972. Furthermore, Vladimir Zhigili, one of the most famous players in Dynamo's history, was World Champion in Puerto Rico in 1974.
The team found new success outside its domestic borders in the mid-1990s. Dynamo made it all the way to the Cup Winners' Cup semi-final in 1991, losing to eventual champ PAOK Thessaloniki. The team also qualified for the Korać Cup in 1992. 1994 and 1995 without much success, despite having players like Sergei Bazarevich, Pavel Astakhov, Sergei Babenko or Evgeniy Pashutin. Things changed in 1996, however, as Dynamo shone in the 1996 Saporta Cup. The club brought in players like Bazarevich, Vitaly Nosov, and Valeri Daineko. Dynamo went all the way from the previous round, survived the group stage and made it to the best-of-three semi-finals playoffs. TAU Cerámica swept the series with an 87-98 road win in Moscow and a 104-93 home thriumph in Vitoria, and it went on to win the title against PAOK Thessaloniki. The club could not live up to the expectations and one year after that, in 1997, Dynamo Moscow disappeared due to financial reasons despite having played the Euroleague for the first time in club history.
It was not until 2001 when Dynamo reappeared in the Russian basketball scene. MBC Dynamo Moscow was created under the support of the Dynamo society and its chairman Vladimir Pronichev. Dynamo entered the Russian League second division in the 2001-02 season and won the title that very same year, returning to the elite of Russian basketball. The club had to face new financial problems but once again the Dynamo organization, led by chairman Viktor Zakharov and his assistant Vladimir Mikhalevsky, stepped up to solve all troubles and give the team the economic stability it needed. MBC Dynamo Moscow joined the Dynamo organization in Moscow City and found a new president in his ex-coach Evgeny Gomelsky, brother of the legendary coach and former CSKA president, the late Alexander Gomelsky. Dynamo finished sixth in the 2002-03 Russian League with players like Nikita Morgunov, Martin Müürsepp, Bazarevich, Aleksander Milosserdov or Dmitri Domani, who remains now as the team captain. Dynamo did even better in the 2003-04 season, in which players like Nikos Ekonomou, Jimmy Oliver, Nikolay Padius, Damir Mršić and the late Kenyon Jones helped the team to make it to the Russian League semi-finals.
Dynamo continues taking steps forward and making a big financial effort to incorporate some of the best European players in the market. As such, for 2004-05, Dynamo signed the Euroleague all-time top rebounder, Mirsad Türkcan, the 2003-04 Euroleague regular season top scorer Lynn Greer, center Lazaros Papadopoulos and solid, well-rounded veterans such as Ariel McDonald, Trajan Langdon, Kšyštof Lavrinovič and Andrei Fetisov. Dynamo won difficult Group D in the ULEB Cup regular season and was considered a top candidate to go far in the elimination rounds, especially when the team won the first leg of the two-way eighth-finals series on the road against Hemofarm, 81-84, but lost 96-75 on their own home court. Dynamo once again has a competitive roster in which Papadopoulos, Domani and Valentin Koubrakov returned to be joined by some team-oriented players such as Ruben Douglas, Mire Chatman, Bojan Popović, Hanno Möttölä and Antonis Fotsis. Moreover, Dynamo landed one of the best head coaches in European basketball history, none other than the legendary Dušan Ivković. With the right environment, a solid roster, a great coach and the hunger to win its first-ever European title, in 2006 the team won the ULEB Cup.
In 2006 the club moved to its new arena in the Krуlatskoe Sports Center.
On June 18, 2011 the club was expelled from the PBL. Since then, the club is playing in the second Division, The Super-League. Dynamo also briefly played in the BBL, but left early do to financial difficulties. The team left the Super-League as of 2015, and the team's future is uncertain.
Total titles: 3


C More Sport is the name of four Scandinavian sports channels owned by C More Entertainment. They launched as the pan-Nordic "Canal+ Sport" on 1 May 2004 when C More introduced themed channels for movies and sports. On 1 September 2005, most sports broadcasts were moved to Canal+ Sport and separate versions of the channel were made for Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland. With the launch of a second sports channel, the first channels got their current name. Canal+ Sport 1 in Denmark changed name to Canal 8 Sport on 13 August 2012.



C More Tennis was a Scandinavian premium sports channel which replaced Canal+ Sport 2 on September 4, 2012, and became a sports channel with only tennis from ATP Tour, WTA Tour and Davis Cup. The channel also has the rights to the Grand Slam tournament Wimbledon.
The channel is available:
In Sweden through the C More packets: C More Max, C More Sports and C More Family. 
In Norway through the C More packets: C More Total and C More Sports.
In Finland through the package: MTV3 Total.
However, it was not meaningful in the first place that the channel should be available in Denmark since Canal 8 Sport substituted C More Sports and Tennis would be shown there, but the channel is available through C More Film package from Canal Digital, YouSee and Altibox together with C More Extreme. 
But in early 2013 it was recognized that there was not always room till all tennis tournaments on Canal 8 Sport so that the channel was in March 2013 made available through YouSee where the channel could be optional as an additional channel to 30, - DKR. Also C More Extreme was made an additional channel to 30, - DKR
The channel got in early 2013 the rights to the WTA Tour, but only in Sweden, Norway and Finland, in Denmark, TV3 Sport 2 have the rights, So the WTA Tour transmissions will be blocked in Denmark together with The Grand Slam tournament Wimbledon, which also TV3 Sport 2 has the rights to.

The following is a list of pages of characters from the CBS television series, .


The Historical Society of Frankford is a historical society and museum is a 501(c)3 corporation located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is located in the Frankford neighborhood of Northeast Philadelphia. It was a founding member of the Pennsylvania Federation of Historical Societies.
The society was organized in 1905, and chartered in 1920, for the purpose of promoting historical study, especially the social history and traditions of Frankford and vicinity. Purchases are made with the general society fund; outright gifts only are acceptable. The society is housed in a two-and one-half story, fireproof, stone, brick, and steel building, constructed in 1930. Space of manuscripts is adequate.
The materials relate entirely to the Frankford section of Philadelphia and include: Deeds, leases, grants, releases, etc., 1681-1887; aldermen's court dockets, accounts, and school records, 1824-1925; account books of various business enterprises, including the Oxford-Provident Building and Loan Association, the earliest in the United States, 1831-1863; fire companies, 1793-1871; Philanthropic Society and Lyceum records; Civil War records; historical sketches; genealogical material relating to local families; and miscellaneous personal and business correspondence.
There are 250 volumes, plus 1,000 pieces, all of which are arranged: Deeds, alphabetically by name of grantor, and chronologically thereunder; general material, alphabetically by name of author, and chronologically thereunder. Accessions are cataloged, and 1,250 card (three by five) catalog the pieces.
Material is available to accredited researchers upon application to the secretary or other officer of the society." — Papers Read Before the Society, III, No. 5 (1937), Smedley Caroline W.
The Keno brothers (identical twins Leigh and Leslie) of Antiques Roadshow paid a visit to the Historical Society of Frankford at 1507 Orthodox St. “That day was incredible,” Leigh Keno recalled of the visit to the Historical Society during a recent phone interview with the Northeast Times. “We could’ve done ten days there. We just scratched the surface of the collection during our visit. Every drawer we opened had something to explore.” During the taping last October, the Kenos came across a daguerreotype (a type of photograph from the 1850s) in the Frankford collection that they believed had value.

Ultimate Body Blows is a 1994 Amiga CD32 and MS-DOS fighting game. It is largely an amalgamation of "Body Blows" and "Body Blows Galactic" released in 1993 by Team17, featuring all the characters and most of the stages from both games, but using the HUD and menu interface of the first game. To this end, the game is comparable to Midway's "Mortal Kombat Trilogy", although the gameplay (and several of the characters) perhaps owe more to Capcom's "Street Fighter" series.

Kryptopterus is a genus of catfishes belonging to the family Siluridae. They are found in freshwater throughout Southeast Asia. The scientific name comes from Ancient Greek "kryptós" (κρυπτός, "hidden") + "ptéryx" (πτέρυξ, "fin"). It refers to the reduced or even entirely absent dorsal fin of these catfishes.
These small- to medium-sized catfishes have opaque, transparent or translucent bodies, hence their common name Asian glass catfishes. Despite this name, only three described species have clearly transparent bodies: "K. minor", "K. piperatus" and "K. vitreolus". Most significant among these is the ghost catfish ("K. vitreolus"), which is the "glass catfish" most often seen in the aquarium fish trade. This species was initially confused with the larger glass catfish ("K. bicirrhis"; infrequent in aquarium trade) and subsequently with "K. minor" (essentially absent from aquarium trade). This matter was only fully resolved in 2013.
While 18 species have been described as of 2013, the genus "Kryprtopterus" is notoriously rich in cryptic species. A number of these have been recognized in recent years, and more are likely to follow:
Some species formerly placed in "Kryptopterus" are nowadays in other Siluridae genera, in particular "Phalacronotus" but also "Micronema" and "Pterocryptis".

Jim Smoak (born 1933) is an American bluegrass and country music banjo player from Louisiana. Smoak may be the first bluegrass banjoist to have come from that state.
Smoak was born and raised on a farm in Round O, South Carolina and learned banjo playing from his parents. He performed on WROL radio when he was eighteen years old. Smoak had a difficult time establishing an audience in his home state, so he moved north in the 1950s. Through 1953, he played occasionally with Bill Monroe & His Bluegrass Boys; the following year, he became a permanent member of the band. Smoak joined Hylo Brown & the Timberliners in 1958, and later began to perform with Arthur Smith and the Cracker Jacks on radio stations WAFB in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and WBT in Charlotte, North Carolina. He went solo in 1961 recording for the tiny Folk Lyric label. Smoak played both bluegrass and country music in the 1960s, and in the 1970s, he published three praised banjo instruction books, some of the first to include standard musical notation and tablature. Smoak recorded "Moonshine Sonata", a solo album with Blue River Records, in 1979.




Natasha Radojčić-Kane ("Наташа Радојчић Кејн"; born in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is an American writer of Serbian descent.
She graduated from Columbia University where she earned an MFA in fiction. She is the author of two novels, "Homecoming" and "You Don't Have to Live Here". She has also written several plays and screenplays. She is a co-founder of the literary journal "H.O.W. Journal". Radojčić-Kane lives in New York City.

In mathematics and theoretical computer science, an automatic sequence (also called a k"-automatic sequence or a k"-recognizable sequence when one wants to indicate that the base of the numerals used is "k") is an infinite sequence of terms characterized by a finite automaton. The "n"-th term of an automatic sequence "a"("n") is a mapping of the final state reached in a finite automaton accepting the digits of the number "n" in some fixed base "k".
An automatic set is a set of non-negative integers "S" for which the sequence of values of its characteristic function χ is an automatic sequence; that is, "S" is "k"-automatic if χ("n") is "k"-automatic, where χ("n") = 1 if "n" formula_1 "S" and 0 otherwise.
Automatic sequences may be defined in a number of ways, all of which are equivalent. Four common definitions are as follows.
Let "k" be a positive integer, and let "D" = ("Q", Σ, δ, "q", Δ, τ) be a deterministic finite automaton "with output", where
Extend the transition function δ from acting on single digits to acting on strings of digits by defining the action of δ on a string "s" consisting of digits "s""s"..."s" as:
Define a function "a" from the set of positive integers to the output alphabet Δ as follows:
where "s"("n") is "n" written in base "k". Then the sequence "a" = "a"(1)"a"(2)"a"(3)... is a "k"-automatic sequence.
An automaton reading the base "k" digits of "s"("n") starting with the most significant digit is said to be "direct reading", while an automaton starting with the least significant digit is "reverse reading". The above definition holds whether "s"("n") is direct or reverse reading.
Let φ be a "k"-uniform morphism of a free monoid Σ and let τ be defined as in the automata-theoretic case. If "w" is a fixed point of φ—that is, if "w" = φ("w")—then "s" = τ("w") is a "k"-automatic sequence. This result is due to Cobham, and it is referred to in the literature as "Cobham's theorem". Conversely, every "k"-automatic sequence is obtainable in this way.
Let "k" ≥ 2. The "k-kernel" of the sequence "s"("n") is the set of subsequences
In most cases, the "k"-kernel of a sequence is infinite. However, if the "k"-kernel is finite, then the sequence "s"("n") is "k"-automatic.
It follows that a "k"-automatic sequence is necessarily a sequence on a finite alphabet.
Let "u"("n") be a sequence over an alphabet Σ and suppose that there is an injective function β from Σ to the finite field F, where "q" = "p" for some prime "p". The associated formal power series is 
Then the sequence "u" is "q"-automatic if and only if this formal power series is algebraic over F("X"). This result is due to Christol, and it is referred to in the literature as "Christol's theorem".
Automatic sequences were introduced by Büchi in 1960, although his paper took a more logico-theoretic approach to the matter and did not use the terminology found in this article. The notion of automatic sequences was further studied by Cobham in 1972, who called these sequences "uniform tag sequences".
The term "automatic sequence" first appeared in a paper of Deshouillers.
The following sequences are automatic:
The Thue–Morse sequence "t"("n") () is the fixed point of the morphism 0 → 01, 1 → 10. Since the "n"-th term of the Thue–Morse sequence counts the number of ones modulo 2 in the base-2 representation of "n", it is generated by the two-state deterministic finite automaton with output pictured here, where being in state "q" indicates there are an even number of ones in the representation of "n" and being in state "q" indicates there are an odd number of ones.
Hence, the Thue–Morse sequence is 2-automatic.
The "n"-th term of the period-doubling sequence "d"("n") () is determined by the parity of the exponent of the highest power of 2 dividing "n". It is also the fixed point of the morphism 0 → 01, 1 → 00. Starting with the initial term "w" = 0 and iterating the 2-uniform morphism φ on "w" where φ(0) = 01 and φ(1) = 00, it is evident that the period-doubling sequence is the fixed-point of φ("w") and thus it is 2-automatic.
The "n"-th term of the Rudin–Shapiro sequence "r"("n") () is determined by the number of consecutive ones in the base-2 representation of "n". The 2-kernel of the Rudin–Shapiro sequence is 
Since the 2-kernel consists only of "r"("n"), "r"(2"n" + 1), "r"(4"n" + 3), and "r"(8"n" + 3), it is finite and thus the Rudin–Shapiro sequence is 2-automatic.
Both the Baum–Sweet sequence () and the regular paperfolding sequence () are automatic. In addition, the general paperfolding sequence with a periodic sequence of folds is also automatic.
Automatic sequences exhibit a number of interesting properties. A non-exhaustive list of these properties is presented below.
"k"-automatic sequences are normally only defined for "k" ≥ 2. The concept can be extended to "k" = 1 by defining a 1-automatic sequence to be a sequence whose "n"-th term depends on the unary notation for "n"; that is, (1). Since a finite state automaton must eventually return to a previously visited state, all 1-automatic sequences are ultimately periodic.
Automatic sequences are robust against variations to either the definition or the input sequence. For instance, as noted in the automata-theoretic definition, a given sequence remains automatic under both direct and reverse reading of the input sequence. A sequence also remains automatic when an alternate set of digits is used or when the base is negated; that is, when the input sequence is represented in base −"k" instead of in base "k". However, in contrast to using an alternate set of digits, a change of base may affect the automaticity of a sequence.
The domain of an automatic sequence can be extended from the natural numbers to the integers via "two-sided" automatic sequences. This stems from the fact that, given "k" ≥ 2, every integer can be represented uniquely in the form formula_5 where formula_6. Then a two-sided infinite sequence "a"("n") is (−"k")-automatic if and only if its subsequences "a"("n") and "a"(−"n") are "k"-automatic.
The alphabet of a "k"-automatic sequence can be extended from finite size to infinite size via "k"-regular sequences.

This is a category listing fans of "Yakitate!! Japan".


Dolle Dinsdag (Mad Tuesday) took place in the Netherlands on 5 September 1944. After a broadcast by the Prime Minister-in-exile that alleged Breda had been liberated, many rumours spread across the occupied Netherlands that the liberation by Allied forces was at hand. On 4 September 1944 the Allies had conquered Antwerp, and it was thought that they already advanced into the Netherlands.
Many Dutchmen celebrated on the streets while preparing to receive and cheer on the Allied liberators. Dutch and Orange flags and pennants were prepared, and many workers left their workplace to wait for the Allies to arrive. German occupation forces and NSB members panicked: documents were destroyed and many fled the Netherlands for Germany.
The Allied advance could not continue as the Allies had overextended themselves and had to halt in the South of the Netherlands. The northern part of the Netherlands had to wait until 5 May 1945 for their liberation.
Mad Tuesday caused the railway strikes of 1944 that started on 17 September with the code: "De kinderen van Versteeg moeten onder de wol" (translation: "the children of Versteeg must "under the wool"/go to bed"). The strike would last until the complete Netherlands was liberated on 5 May 1945; the government thought that by spreading rumors the Germans would start to panic. It worked, and by announcing the railway strike of 1944 the Germans started to panic even more, and many Germans fled to Germany. The industry and supply route from and to Germany was almost completely stopped, which made it even harder for Germany to defend what still was occupied.


Stéphane Glas (born 12 November 1973 in Bourgoin-Jallieu, Isère, Dauphiné) is a French rugby union footballer. He currently plays for Stade Francais Paris in the top level of French rugby, the Top 14 competition. He previously played for Bourgoin. He has also represented France well over 30 times. His usual position is in the centres.
Glas made his international debut for France in February 1996 in a match against Scotland during the Five Nations. He came off the bench as a replacement, and did so as well in a subsequent match against Ireland, and then made his starting lineup debut against Wales in March. He was then capped against Romania and Argentina in April and June, and then earned another three caps towards the end of the season.
He played 9 Tests during the 1997 season, including France's four matches during the Five Nations that season, and one off Tests against Italy, Romania and Argentina, and two Tests against the Springboks in November. He played in the 1998 Five Nations as well, and played in another five Tests that year. He did not play in the 1999 Five Nations, but was included in France's squad for the 1999 Rugby World Cup, and played in the final loss to the Wallabies. He played two Tests the following year, in the Six Nations, and was capped four times in 2001.

Bacary Sagna (); born 14 February 1983) is a French professional footballer who is currently a free agent and plays for the France national team. His former manager at Arsenal, Arsène Wenger, has described him as the best right back in the Premier League. In addition to him regularly featuring as a full-back, Sagna played as a centre back for Arsenal on several occasions.
He began his career at Auxerre, before transferring to Arsenal for £7 million in 2007. In 2014, shortly after winning the FA Cup, his first trophy at the club, he made a move to Manchester City.
A full international since 2007, he was selected by France for two FIFA World Cup tournaments and one UEFA European Championship.
Sagna started his career at FC Sens. He made 87 Ligue 1 appearances for Auxerre and was part of the squad that won the Coupe de France in 2005. He also played in the UEFA Cup in each of his three seasons with the club's first team, making a total of 17 appearances in the competition. He was also voted into the Ligue 1 team of the season for his outstanding displays at the right back position. He played in the same Auxerre team as Abou Diaby, a future Arsenal teammate, and Watford centre-back Younès Kaboul. Sagna established himself as one of the best full backs of the French top tier and thus became dubbed "Mr. Reliable" by the club's fans. He also won Auxerre's Player of the Year award for the 2006-07 season.
On 12 July 2007, Sagna completed a move to Arsenal from Auxerre for an undisclosed fee, thought to have been an initial €9 million that could have risen to €11 million. He was given the number 3 shirt, previously worn by former defender Ashley Cole.
Sagna made his debut for Arsenal on 19 July 2007 as a starter in the squad that beat Turkish club Gençlerbirliği 3–0 in a friendly at Austria's Bad Waltersdorf Stadion.
On 13 February 2008, exactly one week before Arsenal were set to play the second leg of their round of 16 encounter against Milan in the Champions League, Sagna's older brother, Omar Sagna, died at the age of 28, one day before his birthday. He, however, did play the match after he was advised to by his father. Arsenal went on to win the second leg 0–2 with the same scoreline on aggregate.
On 23 March, Sagna tallied his first Premier League goal off a low header from a corner kick to give Arsenal a 1–0 lead against London rivals Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, but later went off injured before Chelsea came back to win the game 2–1. At the end of the season, he was named in the PFA Team of the Year.
Sagna signed a new deal with Arsenal before the start of the 2008–09 season. Arsenal signed him for a further two years, taking his contract up to 2014. Sagna stated, "I love Arsenal, it's a great club," and further added, "The manager is also very good and next season we will be fighting for all the trophies." He stunningly saved Arsenal in a 2–2 draw against Aston Villa when he jumped and kicked the ball away so that Arsenal would go into half time with the lead.
Sagna struggled to replicate his form from the previous two seasons as injuries also prevented him from contributing to the team in the same way. He provided many assists though, his most important contribution arguably being the cross to striker Nicklas Bendtner, who gave Arsenal the 1–0 lead in the 94th minute against Wolverhampton Wanderers. Despite this, however, Sagna was linked away from the club with various teams, including Serie A's Internazionale, seemingly interested in taking the defender away from London.
Sagna scored his first goal at the Emirates Stadium for Arsenal against Celtic, a game in which Arsenal went on to win 3–2 and win the Emirates Cup for the second consecutive year. He made his 100th league start for Arsenal on 3 October 2010, a 2–0 defeat against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. On 14 November, he scored only his second ever official goal for Arsenal in a 2–1 away victory against Everton at Goodison Park, with a powerful shot from the near post. On 8 December 2010, Sagna picked up his first red card in his Arsenal career in a 3–1 home victory against Serbian club Partizan in Arsenal's final Champions League group game of the season.
On 1 January 2011, in a match with Birmingham City, he was involved in an incident where Lee Bowyer stamped on him after Sagna had gone in for a tackle. Bowyer banned by the FA for three games for the stamp. On 5 January, Sagna picked up his second red card of the season after he and Manchester City fullback Pablo Zabaleta headbutted each other in the final moments of Arsenal's 0–0 draw with City at Emirates Stadium. On 19 January, Sagna scored his second goal of the season with Arsenal's second goal in their 3–1 victory over Leeds United at Elland Road in a third round replay. This was Sagna's career best for goal-scoring, his previous best coming in the 2007–08 season where scored only once. Sagna was included in the PFA Team of the Year for his performance in the 2010–11 season.
On 13 August 2011, Sagna started and played the full 90 minutes against Newcastle United at St James' Park in a 0–0 draw on the opening day of the 2011–12 Premier League season. On Saturday 20 August, he started at left-back and played the full 90 minutes in a 2–0 defeat at the hands of a Liverpool side that picked up its first win over the Gunners away from home in 11 years. On 28 August, Sagna missed Arsenal's game against Manchester United at Old Trafford due to illness.
Sagna sustained a leg break during a match against North London rivals Tottenham Hotspur after a challenge by Benoît Assou-Ekotto forced him to land awkwardly. On 29 January 2012, Sagna came off the bench against Aston Villa as an 89th-minute substitute to mark his comeback. On 26 February 2012, he started in the North London derby against Spurs, scoring a header from a Mikel Arteta cross and inspiring Arsenal to come back from being 2–0 down to go on and win 5–2. He unfortunately sustained another leg break of the same leg in the final home match of the season against Norwich City, which ruled him out of UEFA Euro 2012 in June 2012.
In October 2012, Sagna marked his return to the first team by starting in Arsenal's 1–0 victory over Queens Park Rangers. On 3 November, he started and played the full 90 minutes at right-back against Manchester United at Old Trafford, a 2–1 league defeat. In his absence with a broken leg, Carl Jenkinson started for Arsenal and earned rave reviews, but Sagna continued to be Arsenal's first-choice right back upon his return. On 9 February 2013, due to an injury to centre-back Laurent Koscielny during warm-ups, Sagna was forced to fill in as a central defender against Sunderland. He performed outstandingly despite playing out of position and helped a ten-man Arsenal win 1–0. On 28 April, Sagna would commit a mistimed tackle inside the penalty box on Robin van Persie in a 1–1 home draw against Manchester United, conceding a penalty to bring the score level after a second-minute Arsenal goal from Theo Walcott.
Sagna remained Arsenal's first choice right-back at the start of the season, fighting off competition from Carl Jenkinson. He scored his first goal of the season, his fifth in Arsenal colours, against Stoke City on 22 September, heading in Mesut Özil's free-kick, securing a 3–1 win for the Gunners. On 17 May, Sagna started in the 2014 FA Cup Final as Arsenal beat Hull City 3–2 at Wembley Stadium, his first trophy at the club.
It was announced on 27 May that Sagna would not extend his contract with the Gunners, which was set to expire at the end of the season. Although Arsenal offered him a two-year extension, Sagna was believed to be "90 per cent certain" of leaving the Emirates, thus rejecting the contract extension. Additional sources understand that Manchester City and a number of top clubs in Europe had expressed an interest in signing him. Sagna said he did not sign a new deal with Arsenal because "the discussions did not go in the direction that [he] wanted". 
It was announced on 13 June 2014 that Sagna had agreed to a deal with Manchester City to join the reigning Premier League champions after his contract with Arsenal was set to expire on 30 June. He was City's first signing of the summer and signed a three-year deal, taking the number 3 shirt. He left the club at the end of his contract in June 2017.
Sagna has previously represented the French under-21 team, with whom he also participated at the 2006 European Under-21 Championship.
At age 17 Sagna wished to join up with the Senegalese national team, stating, "I wanted to play for Senegal when I was 17, but they didn't reply. So I was a bit disappointed. But when I started playing for Auxerre for the first team, they [Senegal] contacted me and I had a game on the same day with the French national team under 21's so I had to make a choice."
Sagna received his first senior international cap for France on 22 August 2007 in a friendly match against Slovakia on the road, which they won 1–0, coming on as a substitute for François Clerc after one hour of play. He went on to make his competitive debut for France in their 6–0 away win at the Faroe Islands on 13 October 2007 in the UEFA Euro 2008 qualifiers, playing all 90 minutes. It was his only appearance in the Euro 2008 qualifying. He was not a candidate to join the French team at the Euro 2008 finals in Austria and Switzerland as he was still recovering from the injury sustained in Arsenal's Premier League match at Chelsea in March 2008.
After recovering from the injury, Sagna returned to the French team for their friendly match against Sweden in August 2008, playing all 90 minutes in a 3–2 away win. He went on to become a regular in the French team's qualifying campaign for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He was also a part of the disastrous French World Cup campaign when the team crashed out at the group stage after losing 2 - 1 against hosts South Africa.
Sagna missed out on UEFA Euro 2012 with a broken leg.
Sagna was born in Sens to Senegalese parents. He is a Muslim. He has three children with his wife, Ludivine, who is from Auxerre and he uses Twitter to communicate with his fans. His cousin Ibrahima Sonko played in England for Reading and in Turkey for Akhisar Belediyespor.
On 31 March 2011, Sagna became an ambassador for Grassroot Soccer, an international non-profit that uses the power of football to educate, inspire, and mobilise communities to stop the spread of HIV.
Sagna is called "Bac" by the majority of his teammates.

Eun Ji-won (born June 8, 1978) is a South Korean rapper, host, dancer, composer and leader of the first generation idol group SechsKies (젝스키스). After the group's disbandment in 2000, Eun pursued a solo career in 2001 with his first single ("A-Ha") and has mainly focused on hip-hop ever since. In addition to his music career, he has appeared on hit shows like "2 Days & 1 Night," "Reply 1997" and "New Journey to the West.
On April 14, 2016, SechsKies held a reunion concert for fans 16 years after their disbandment through the popular program "Infinite Challenge". They have since returned to promote as a group and have signed a contract with renowned label YG Entertainment.
Eun attended Hawaiian Mission Academy, from Grade 9 to 12. He was schoolmates with fellow SechsKies member, Kang Sung-hun. 
His granduncle is former South Korean president Park Chung-hee; his aunt from his father's side of the family is former South Korean President Park Geun-hye, the daughter of the late President Park who serving as president until her Impeachment. His mother used to be part of a girl group called, "Lily Sisters".
Eun Ji-won's nickname in Sechs Kies was "Soy Sauce" (깜시) because of his dark skin. "Eun Choding" ("Kid Eun") was a later nickname on the reality-variety show "Happy Sunday: 1 Night 2 Days" because of his childish on-screen persona.
Eun Ji-won and Kang Sung-hun were discovered by a Daesung Entertainment's president, Lee Ho Yeon, who was vacationing in Hawaii. Lee formed a six-member group in which Eun became the leader, main rapper and sub-vocalist.
The group debuted in 1997, and disbanded in 2000. Eun described his time with Sechs Kies as hectic, recalling that members would retreat to their parents' homes to avoid the demanding schedule. He said the group's record label planned many of their media appearances without consulting the members. During this time, the group's popularity rivaled that of H.O.T.
On May 18, 2000 SechsKies announced their departure from the K-pop scene at a press conference, where a few members were tearful. Lee Jai-jin later said that the group originally intended to leave their record label without disbanding. After the press conference a last music video, "Thanks", was released after their final concert. He said he had not seen bandmate Ko Ji-yong for seven years; Ko moved to the United States to study, and has not returned.
Although SechsKies disbanded in 2000, in 2002 Eun performed with former member Kang Sung-hun and J-Walk Kim Jae-duck and Jang Su-won. In 2007, he performed with J-Walk on a number of music shows, including KBS' "Yoon Do Hyun's Love Letter" (where they performed the SechsKies song, "Couple") and "Music Bank" (performing Eun's "Adios" and J-Walk's "Light Storm"). Eun and J-Walk performed "Couple" at Lee Soo-geun's wedding on March 2, 2008. Eun was featured on the third J-Walk album's title track, "My Love" and in its music video.
After SechsKies disbanded Eun began his solo career in 2000 with an EP including "A-Ha" on October 27, 2000. He wrote all the songs on his first solo album, "G Pop", which was released on March 29, 2001. After his successful first album, Eun refined his style and experimented with his music on his second album, "Heavy G".
Hip Hopper Eun Ji-won changed his management to Waltz Music Entertainment in 2003. Eun's third album, "Drunk on Hip Hop" (with the single "Drunk on Melody"), was released on September 6, 2003. He later reissued his third album, including a "winter version" of "Mikasaro" and "Never Ever" from his first solo album. "Drunk on Melody" won Eun the Hip Hop Award at the 2003 SBS Gayo Awards and the KMTV Korean Music Awards. He has performed the song twice on stage with Tiger JK of Drunken Tiger on KBS' "Yoon Do Hyun's Love Letter".
Eun starred in the romantic comedy "Marrying a High-School Girl (여고생 시집가기)" with Lim Eun-kyung by first-time director Oh Deok-hwan, which was released on December 23, 2004. He played Park Ondal, a transfer student to the school attended by Pyung-gang (Lim). The film was about a high school girl who must marry a boy named "Ondal" before her sixteenth birthday, and have a baby within a year; otherwise, she would die.
Eun went on hiatus from the industry in mid-2006, but appeared once again when The "Movement" (무브먼트) (a group of rappers and hip-hop artists throughout Korea) staged a concert on May 13, 2006. Many Movement artists have been featured on Eun's albums including Drunken Tiger, Tasha (Yoon Mi Rae), Dynamic Duo and Bobby Kim.
Eun returned with a single, "Adios", after a hiatus from the music industry; his album "Love, Death, Introspection" (사랑 死랑 思랑) was released on October 30, 2007 with four new tracks and an instrumental version of "Adios". Mr. Tyfoon, Baek Ji-young and Sat Byul (샛별) were featured on the album. "Adios", a Latin hip-hop song, was composed by Keeproots with lyrics by Mr. Tyfoon. Tiger JK from Drunken Tiger, Mr. Tyfoon and Eun produced the album. Eun is part of 13 Creative Unit, a subsidiary of Eyagi Entertainment (which also produces singer Hwang Bo and actress Park Si Yeon).
In mid-2007, Eun appeared on the KBS reality-variety show "Happy Sunday: 1 Night 2 Days". He replaced Kim Jong Min (who left for military service) on MBC's "Come To Play (놀러와)". Eun was a cast member of SBS' "Jihwaza (작렬! 정신통일)" before the show's cancellation in September 2007.
For his fifth album, Eun selected 20 of over 100 songs. In 2007, he performed at the DKNY Party. Eun appeared on Starship Entertainment label-mate Moon Ji-eun's debut EP (released on April 10, 2008), rapping on "Fox" and appearing in its music video after Moon appeared in Eun's 2003 music video for "Suddenly" (문득). In June 2008, Eun collaborated with J-Walk (Kim Jaeduck and Jang Suwon, formerly of Sechskies) on a song for J-Walk's album, "My Love". Later that year Eun released "G Code"; its single was "Dangerous", a sample of Kardinal Offishall featuring Akon's version of "Dangerous".
In early 2009 Eun left CH Entertainment and started his own company, GYM Entertainment. The first artist to be released in his company was singer-rapper Gilme; Eun appeared on Gilme's debut song, "Love Cuts", and has performed the song on stage with her.
After a year's hiatus from the music scene Eun released his fifth full-length studio album, "Platonic". The lead track, "Siren", is an electronic dance song with hip-hop rhythms. Eun collaborated with Mr. Tyfoon, Gilme and "2 Days & 1 Night" member Lee Su-geun on the album. The album was jointly released by GYM Entertainment and Starship Entertainment.
On March 31, 2011, Eun, Gilme and Mr. Tyfoon formed Clover, which received much attention as Eun Ji-won's new group after 10 years since Sechs Kies' disbandment. They performed "La Vida Loca", from their mini-album "Classic Over", on a number of musical shows. "La Vida Loca" was well-received, topping the Cyworld Music Chart even two weeks after the release.
On September 29, 2011, Clover released another digital single, "A Guy Who I Know (아는 오빠)". In January 2012, Clover received Hip-Hop/Rap Award at the 21st Seoul Music Awards.
On August 14, 2012, Clover released its second digital single, "Pork Soup (돼지국밥)". 
On November 18, 2013, Clover's third digital single, "Trickling (주르륵)" was released.
In 2013, Eun, Chun Myung-hoon, Tony An, Moon Hee-joon and Danny Ahn appeared on a new show on QTV called "Handsome Boys of the 20th Century".
"Handsome Boys of the 20th Century" was created by Moon Hee-joon who invited five celebrities, all of whom were born in the same year (1978), from three other first generation idol groups to start a reality show version of the TV series "Reply 1997". He presented the idea that they would meet up casually to chat and reflect on topics from their past which they were not allowed to touch on back then. The show starred H.O.T.'s Moon Hee-joon and Tony An, NRG's Chun Myung-hoon, Sechs Kies's Eun Ji-won, and g.o.d's Danny Ahn. The five members named themselves HotSechgodRG — a portmanteau of each member's previous idol group names.
The first season was aired from April 16, 2013 to July 9, 2013. The show received much attention and HotSechgodRG appeared on many entertainment programs both mainstream and cable, such as "", "Happy Together" and "Hwasin – Controller of the Heart" (화신). The second season of the “Handsome Boys of the 20th Century” was aired from August 27, 2013 to November 19, 2013. HotSechgodRG announced that they were preparing for a Christmas concert (Legend Back). Unfortunately, Tony encountered some legal trouble and had to withdraw from the group as he was temporarily banned from broadcast appearances. The concert was canceled as they felt they could not go on without Tony. The third season was aired from November 26, 2013 to December 26, 2013 under the name "Handsome Boys Communication (미소년 통신)". The program consisted of "EunHee Clinic (은희상담소)" starring Moon Hee-joon and Eun Ji-won and "DJ GodRG (DJ 갓알지)" starring Danny Ahn and Chun Myung Hoon.
In May 2014, it was announced that HOTSechgodRG would return for a new show in July. Moon Hee-joon, Eun Ji-won, Danny Ahn, and Chun Myung Hoon starred in a new show called "W.I.S.H. (Where is My Super Hero?)", which was aired on OnStyle from July 19, 2014 to August 9, 2014. 
Danny Ahn, Tony An and Chun Myung-hoon made an appearance on Eun's travel reality show "Plan Man" and the foursome travel to Jeju Island. Their trip was broadcast over three episodes, beginning on July 31, 2016. Tony An had previously appeared on another episode with Brian Joo of Fly to the Sky. 
With the reforming of Danny Ahn's group g.o.d in 2014 and Eun's group SechsKies in 2016, their appearances with the five-man group have been limited due to busy schedules.
On May 11, SechsKies signed a contract with YG Entertainment after their reunion on Infinite Challenge, except for Ko Ji-yong. SechsKies held a comeback concert on September 10 and 11 at the Olympic Gymnastics Arena. After Infinite Challenge aired, SechsKies earned many more fans, and their comeback concert tickets were sold out in only 5 minutes.
On October 7, SechsKies released a new digital single "Three Words (세 단어)" which topped all 8 major music charts shortly after release, achieving all-kill status. It also ranked high in Asian music charts and global iTunes in Taiwan and is among top tracks on iTunes charts in Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand and others.
On August 19, Eun joined SBS's variety show 'Flower Crew' with fellow Sechs Kies member, Lee Jai-jin. However, they left Flower Crew to focus on group promotions.
On November 23, YG announced that SechsKies' new album will be released on December 1, 2016. The new album "2016 Re-ALBUM" contains 10 past hit songs of SechsKies that were rearranged and remastered by YG producers, and is prepared a special gift for fans.
SechsKies continued the Yellow Note concert tour on December 10 in Daegu and on December 24–25 in Busan. On October 31, all SechsKies tour concert seats for December were sold out within a few minutes.
On December 16, YG announced SechsKies is to hold a "Yellow Note Final in Seoul" concert on January 21 and 22 at the Jamsil Indoor Stadium. On December 22, all 13,000 tickets were sold out within three minutes.
At the end of the year, SechsKies won several awards including Click! Star Wars Awards Hall of Fame, the 6th Gaon Chart Music Awards The Kpop Contribution of The Year, the 8th Melon Music Awards Hall of Fame, the 31st Golden Disc Awards Best Male Group Performance and the 26th Seoul Music Awards Bonsang.
On February 16, TvN announced Eun Ji-won will be joined their new variety show 'The Dynamic Duo'. 
On March 18, Eun announced the re-open of his official fan club '1KYNE'. On March 28, Eun Ji-Won launched his official fanclub, at 12 KST it's opened for registration. Over 30,000 fans logged onto the website at once caused the site to crashed and remained down for approximately an hour before fans were able to register.
On April 19, YG announced that SechsKies' new album "The 20th Anniversary" will be released on April 28, 2017. Along with the release of the album, two title tracks will be promoted are "Sad Song" and "Be Well". The album topped the charts in Hong Kong, Malaysia, Taiwan, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia, Australia and United States. SECHSKIES’s album also topped Mnet, Bugs, Genie and Naver Chart. All the songs in the album made it to the top 100 on the Melon chart, which is remarkable and shows that SECHSKIES has a wide fan base. SechsKies album topped Gaon Chart and Hanteo real time chart, daily chart and weekly chart. "Be Well" also topped Gaon Digital Chart, Download Chart, BGM Chart and Mobile Chart for the 1st week of May. SechsKies held consecutive wins for the title track "Be Well" on MBC Music Core in May. They also won for the #1 spot on KBS Music Bank.
On April 25, Eun released 'Love Song' for OCN drama ‘My Secret Romance’ OST.
On May 4, SechsKies held their first fansign event after 18 years at Time Square located in Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul. The venue was filled with more than 3,000 fans gathered to see them.
On May 12, YG announced that SechsKies' will debuting in Japan after 20 years debut in Korea. SechsKies' album "The 20th Anniversary" Japan Edition will be released on July 19. YG announced SechsKies' will held their first Japan Fan Meeting at the Yokohama Bay Hall in Kanagawa on July 23 and at the Namba Hatch in Osaka on September 3.
On August 7, YG announced SechsKies is to hold "20th Anniversary Concert" on September 23 at the Gocheok Sky Dome. On August 22, all tickets were sold out within a few minutes. 
On August 16, YG announced Eun Ji Won has officially signed individual contract with YG Entertainment.
In February 2010 Eun announced that he would marry his first love, a woman three years his senior. They knew each other since 1994 in Hawaii, but broke up later when Eun returned to South Korea to start Sechs Kies. Eun and Lee Sooyeon were reunited 13 years later, and engaged in a steady relationship. Eun's fiancée was sister-in-law by marriage to soccer player Lee Dong-Gook. On April 7 Eun left for Hawaii to prepare for the wedding ceremony, scheduled for April 20. Although filming for "1 Night 2 Days" was postponed due to the ROKS "Cheonan" sinking, Eun and his parents returned to South Korea on April 22 and he was interviewed on SBS's "One Night’s TV Entertainment"; he said it was like filming a commercial with his wife. On April 29 the first photo of the wedding ceremony was leaked to the public, in which the couple is walking down the aisle with family and friends congratulating them.
On February 28, 2013, Eun announced that he and his wife divorced in August 2012. A statement from his management said, "Eun Ji-won wed his wife Ms. Lee Sooyeon in April 2010, but the two decided to part ways in August 2012. They decided to go their separate ways so that they could lead new lives following difficulties in getting along due to differences in personality".
Eun is the only member of Sechs Kies to face criticism since the disbandment for changing his musical genre from pop music to hip hop and rap. Former boy band member Moon Hee-joon of H.O.T also changed genres, becoming a rock instead of a pop singer after going solo (Sechs Kies was a musical rival of H.O.T.).
Eun was the first DJ on MBC FM4U (친한 친구), from 2002 to 2003.

This is a list of conflicts in the Horn of Africa, which includes the nations of Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.

Mahmoud al-Aloul () was the governor of the Palestinian Authority's Nablus governorate in the Central Highlands of the West Bank. 
Aloul was elected to the Fatah Central Committee in August 2009. According to Aloul, the Palestinians still maintain their belief in armed struggle against the State of Israel.

Achomawi traditional narratives include myths, legends, tales, and oral histories preserved by the Achomawi people of the Pit River basin of Northeastern California.
Achomawi oral literature reflects the group's position at the junction of cultural influences from central California, the Great Basin, the Plateau, and the Northwest Coast regions of aboriginal North America.

Concept development and experimentation (CD&E) is the application of the structure and methods of experimental science to the challenge of developing future military capability. 
CD&E is a forward-looking process for developing and evaluating new concepts, before committing extensive resources. CDE is a process to identify the best solution not only from a technical perspective, but also for possible solutions for challenges involving doctrine, organization, training, and material to achieve significant advances in future operations. CD&E is a way of thinking your way through the future before spending money.
Developing and identifying future-oriented concepts allows one to:
The potential impacts on interoperability and increased capabilities by emerging concepts must be captured by some process and exploited.
Concept development gives broad and sometimes ill-defined ideas a chance to be examined by groups of experts in a logical process. These ideas can come from different sources: e.g. Ministry of Defense, industry, servicemen organizations or partners. They can be generated by staff processes, operational experience, formal analytical work, or published proposals. There need be no boundaries on the types of ideas that enter the concept development process, although some simpler ones that modify techniques or procedures might be ‘fast-tracked’ into practice because they are intuitively sound. Typically, promising ideas with a broader scope are explored and refined through workshops and larger seminars to the point where more mature concepts are formed. These concepts are further debated in committees or working groups and, if accepted, are submitted to the experimental process. 
Different kinds of experiments can be conducted: 
Once validated and accepted, concepts are incorporated into military organizations – for example, through doctrine and capability development processes.

Adelbert Mühlschlegel (June 16, 1897 – July 29, 1980) was a prominent German Bahá'í from a Protestant family. He became a Bahá'í in 1920, translated Bahá'í literature and served as a member of the National Spiritual Assembly of Germany.
He was appointed a Hand of the Cause by Shoghi Effendi in February 1952, individuals who have been considered to have achieved a distinguished rank in service to the religion. He was the first of three believers who decisively influenced the German Bahá'ís. after which he travelled to visit the Bahá'ís in many countries. He died in Athens, Greece.


The Shire of Kulin is a local government area in the Eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about of the state capital, Perth. The Shire's land area of forms a narrow east-west band, located between the Shire of Kondinin to the north and the Shire of Lake Grace to the south. Its seat of government is the town of Kulin. The local economy is based on agriculture - predominantly cereal grains and sheep.
On 14 June 1918, the Roe Road District was gazetted. It was renamed to the Kulin Road District on 12 March 1926. On 1 July 1961, it became a shire under the "Local Government Act 1960".
The shire is divided into 4 wards.
From 1964 until 3 May 2003, the following system existed:


Alfred Boeddeker, O.F.M. (August 7, 1903 — January 1, 1994) was an American Franciscan friar who is best known for having founded humanitarian programs to aid the poor and marginalised in the San Francisco Bay Area. These programs, named by Father Boeddeker for Saint Anthony of Padua, include the St. Anthony Dining Room (1950), the St. Anthony Free Medical Clinic (1956), and the St. Anthony Farm, near Petaluma in Sonoma County, California. The dining room and medical clinic are part of the St. Anthony Foundation.
Father Boeddeker, born in San Francisco, California. He joined the Franciscans in 1921 and was ordained a priest in 1927. He studied theology at the Santa Barbara Seminary and pastored at the St. Rafael Church in Goleta, California. From 1930 to 1933 studied in Rome, Italy. After his return from Rome, he taught for fifteen years at the Franciscan School of Theology at the Mission Santa Barbara.
Boeddeker was selected to start a Catholic university in Hankow, China. In preparation for this assignment, he enrolled in a graduate program at the University of California, Berkeley to study Mandarin, Japanese and Russian languages and Chinese history and politics. The Hankow plans were cancelled, however, after the Chinese Civil War of mainland China in 1949. Father Boeddeker was then appointed pastor of St. Boniface Church in the Tenderloin, San Francisco, California, where he remained for the rest of his life. Not far from this church, two of Boeddeker's sayings are prominently displayed on the walls of the St. Anthony Dining Room on Jones Street:
A park and recreation center named after Boeddeker is located in the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco. The recreation center features the sculpture "Redding School, Self-Portrait", (4 ft. x 16 1/2 ft. x 2 1/4 in.) which was created as a tribute to Boeddeker by artist Ruth Asawa with assistance from children at Redding Elementary School. The piece, a bas relief wall mural, consists of a portrait of Boeddeker surrounded by children and scenes from San Francisco, including animals, street cars, cars, houses, airplanes and birds. The mural is made of glass fiber reinforced concrete and is framed with a plain concrete border. Children from the school created images with pastry dough which were then added into the mural. The piece was surveyed in 1993 by the Smithsonian Institution's Save Outdoor Sculpture! program and was described as needing conservation treatment.
Hartmann, Madeline. "The Man behind the Miracle: the Story of Alfred Boeddeker, O.F.M." Fort Bragg: Lost Coat Press (2000). 

Writers on military organisation and technology from Ancient Rome.

Pietro Serantoni (12 December 1906, Venice – 6 October 1964) was an Italian football midfielder and manager.
Born in Venice, Serantoni played for Società Sprotiva Calcio Venezia, Internazionale (1928–1934), Juventus (1934–1936), A.S. Roma (1936–1940) and Suzzara.
He won two Italian titles, with Inter in 1930 (the club's first ever Serie A championship) and with Juventus in 1936.
With the Italian national team Serantoni played 16 matches and won the 1938 FIFA World Cup.

Raymond "Ray" Walter Arnott is an Australian rock drummer, singer-songwriter, he was a member of Spectrum (1970–1973), which had a number one hit with "I'll Be Gone" (recorded before Arnott joined) in January 1971. He also had short stints with The Dingoes in the 1970s and Cold Chisel in 1980s.
In late 1970 he replaced original drummer Mark Kennedy in the renowned Australian progressive rock group Spectrum and he remained with them until they split in early 1973. He sang backing and lead vocals with the band, as well as drumming, and he contributed several songs to their repertoire.
Arnott left Spectrum to join Mighty Kong, a new band formed by ex-Daddy Cool members Ross Wilson and Ross Hannaford, but the new group was very short-lived and broke up soon after recording its only LP in late 1973.
Arnott took over the drum stool from the original drummer in two of the most prominent Australian groups of the period, The Dingoes in the late 1970s and Cold Chisel in 1983, but in both cases his tenure was relatively short.
Cold Chisel frontman Jimmy Barnes took on Arnott for his first two solo releases, the Bodyswerve album in 1984 and For the Working Class Man album in 1985.
Arnott now lives and works on the NSW North Coast of Australia as a Teaching Assistant at Lismore Heights Public School and occasional band member.
In July 2015 Ray was interviewed by The Australian Rock Show
http://australianrockshow.libsyn.com/episode-30-ray-arnott-interview

Ronald James Lisle (19 September 1939 – 1 March 2003) was an Australian rugby league and rugby union player and a dual code rugby international. He represented the Wallabies in 4 tests in 1961 and the Australia national rugby league team in 13 matches on the 1963 Kangaroo tour.
A champion schoolboy athlete Lisle broke into first grade in 1959 with the Sydney suburban club, Drummoyne DRFC (the "Dirty Reds"). He debuted for NSW in 1960 forming a successful halves combination with Ken Catchpole. In 1961 he made his national rugby union debut as a Wallaby playing three test matches against Fiji. Later that year he made an appearance against South Africa playing inside Mike Cleary. He played rugby union at fly half or centre.
Along with Cleary, following the South African Wallaby tour he made the code switch and joined the South Sydney Rabbitohs in 1962 . He played 106 grade games with the club till 1968. After just one appearance in the professional code in 1961 he was selected for New South Wales. Three weeks later with still only one club appearance under his belt Lisle made his international rugby league debut in the third test in Sydney against the visiting Great Britain. This stands as the fastest rise to international representative status in Australian rugby league history.
At season end after just five club appearances he was selected in the all conquering 1963 Kangaroo tour of England and France though he did not play in any Tests on the tour. He was Australia's 30th dual code rugby international following Michael Cleary and preceding Dick Thornett.
Lisle played in the premiership winning Souths side of 1967. He played his rugby league at five-eighth.
Post football Lisle studied for a Masters of Education at the University of Oregon in the USA. Ronald James Lisle died in 2003.
In 2004 he was named by the Souths in their "South Sydney Dream Team", consisting of 17 players and a coach representing the club from 1908 through to 2004.

In the history of science, the etymology of the word chemistry is debatable. It is agreed that the word derives from the word "alchemy", which is a European one, derived from the Kimiya (کیمیا) Alchemy "al-kīmiyāʾ" (). The Arabic term is derived from the Ancient Greek "khēmia" or "khēmeia". However, the ultimate origin of the root word, "chem", is uncertain.
According to the "Oxford English Dictionary", "al-kīmiyāʾ" is derived from , which is derived from the ancient Egyptian name of Egypt ("khem" or "khm", "khame", or "khmi", meaning "blackness" Therefore, alchemy is the "Black Art". However, it is also possible that "al-kīmiyāʾ" derived from , meaning "cast together".
There are two main views on the derivation of the word, which agree in holding that it has an Arabic descent, the prefix "al" being the Arabic article. But according to one, the second part of the word comes from the Greek "χημεία", pouring, infusion, used in connexion with the study of the juices of plants, and thence extended to chemical manipulations in general; this derivation accounts for the old-fashioned spellings "chymist" and "chymistry". The other view traces it to "khem" or "khame", hieroglyph "khmi", which denotes black earth as opposed to barren sand, and occurs in Plutarch as "χημεία"; on this derivation alchemy is explained as meaning the "Egyptian art". The first occurrence of the word is said to be in a treatise of Julius Firmicus, an astrological writer of the 4th century, but the prefix al there must be the addition of a later copyist. In English, Piers Plowman (1362) contains the phrase "experimentis of alconomye", with variants "alkenemye" and " alknamye". The prefix "al" began to be dropped about the middle of the 16th century (further details of which are given below).
According to the Egyptologist Wallis Budge, the Arabic word "al-kīmiyaʾ" actually means "the Egyptian [science]", borrowing from the Coptic word for "Egypt", "kēme" (or its equivalent in the Mediaeval Bohairic dialect of Coptic, "khēme"). This Coptic word derives from Demotic "kmỉ", itself from ancient Egyptian "kmt". The ancient Egyptian word referred to both the country and the colour "black" (Egypt was the "Black Land", by contrast with the "Red Land", the surrounding desert); so this etymology could also explain the nickname "Egyptian black arts". However, according to Mahn, this theory may be an example of folk etymology. Assuming an Egyptian origin, chemistry is defined as follows:
Thus, according to Budge and others, chemistry derives from an Egyptian word "khemein" or "khēmia", "preparation of black powder", ultimately derived from the name "khem", Egypt. A decree of Diocletian, written about 300 AD in Greek, speaks against "the ancient writings of the Egyptians, which treat of the "khēmia" transmutation of gold and silver".
Arabic "al-kīmiyaʾ" or "al-khīmiyaʾ" ( or ), according to some, is thought to derive from the Koine Greek word "khymeia" () meaning "the art of alloying metals, alchemy"; in the manuscripts, this word is also written "khēmeia" () or "kheimeia" (), which is the probable basis of the Arabic form. According to Mahn, the Greek word χυμεία "khumeia" originally meant "pouring together", "casting together", "weld", "alloy", etc. (cf. Gk. "kheein" () "to pour"; "khuma" (), "that which is poured out, an ingot"). Assuming a Greek origin, chemistry is defined as follows:
Later medieval Latin had "alchimia / alchymia" "alchemy", "alchimicus" "alchemical", and "alchimista" "alchemist". The mineralogist and humanist Georg Agricola (died 1555) first dropped the Arabic definite article "al-" and began, in his Latin works from 1530 on, to write "chymia" and "chymista". As a humanist, Agricola was intent on purifying words and returning them to their classical roots. He had no intent to make a semantic distinction between "chymia" and "alchymia".
During the later sixteenth century Agricola's new coinage slowly propagated. It seems to have been adopted in most of the vernacular European languages following Conrad Gessner's adoption of it in his extremely popular pseudonymous work, "De remediis secretis: Liber physicus, medicus, et partim etiam chymicus" (Zurich 1552). Gessner's work was frequently re-published in the second half of the 16th century in Latin and was also published in a number of vernacular European languages, with the word spelled without the "al-".
In the 16th and 17th centuries in Europe the forms "alchimia" and "chimia" (and "chymia") were synonymous and interchangeable. The semantic distinction between a rational and practical science of "chimia" and an occult "alchimia" arose only in the early eighteenth century.
In 16th, 17th and early 18th century English the spellings — both with and without the "al" — were usually with an "i" or "y" as in "chimic / chymic / alchimic / alchymic". During the later 18th century the spelling was re-fashioned to use a letter "e", as in "chemic" in English. In English after the spelling shifted from "chimical" to "chemical", there was corresponding shift from "alchimical" to "alchemical", which occurred in the early 19th century. In French, Italian, Spanish and Russian today it continues to be spelled with an i as in for example Italian "chimica" "chemistry".

Sulayman Keeler (born Simon Keeler) is Muslim convert and leader of Ahlus Sunnah wal Jamaah, a British Islamist organisation. He is a former member of Al-Muhajiroun, a banned organisation designated as a terrorist organisation, and led the Society of Converts to Islam.
"The Sun" newspaper report that he is believed to be the first white British Muslim to be convicted of an extremist offence. and HSToday report that this is the "first time a white convert has been incarcerated for Islamist terror charges in the UK."'
He has described the September 11, 2001 attacks as "magnificent" and called Queen Elizabeth II a "lover of Islam and Muslims."
A court sentenced Keeler to twenty-eight days imprisonment after he assaulted a police officer during a demonstration in London in December 1998. Years later, he was again arrested after he assaulted British National Party (BNP) members at a rally.
Keeler held a press conference in London on 18 November 2005, formally 'launching' Ahlus Sunnah wal Jamaah.
In an interview with BBC News, Keeler expressed his opposition to democracy, and compared British Prime Minister Tony Blair to Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, saying, "I don't believe in democracy. It's man made. You're talking about a government that taxes the people to death. It oppresses many millions of people in the world. It wouldn't be such a shame to have them overturned... Tony Blair sends a bunch of aircraft into Iraq, bombs a bunch of people... Osama Bin Laden, who sends a bunch of aeroplanes into America and bombs a bunch of people - what is the difference? You tell me."
On Thursday 17 April 2008, Keeler was one of 6 individuals found guilty of terror related offences, specifically terrorist fundraising. The others found guilty at Kingston Crown Court were Abu Izzadeen, Omar Zaheer, 28, of Southall, west London, Abdul Saleem, 32, of Poplar, east London, and Jalal Hussain. Two others, Ibrahim Abdullah Hussan, 25, from Leyton, east London, and Rajib Kahn, 29, from Luton in Bedfordshire, were released after the jury were unable to decide a verdict. Six guilty of terrorism support - BBC


Ernest Julius Walter Simon CBE FBA (10 June 189322 February 1981) was a German sinologist and librarian. He was born in Berlin and lived there, being educated at the University of Berlin, until he fled the Nazis to London in 1934, where he spent all the rest of his life except for brief periods as a visiting professor in various countries, teaching Chinese at the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London from 1947 to 1960. He made great contributions to historical Chinese phonology and Sino-Tibetan linguistics.
Simon was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1961.

The Eastern & Oriental Express is a luxury train that carries passengers between Singapore, Malaysia, and Thailand.
It runs between Singapore's Woodlands Train Checkpoint and Hua Lamphong, Bangkok, stopping at Kuala Lumpur, Butterworth, and Kanchanaburi, taking three days (two nights). Since 2007 the train has also travelled between Bangkok and Vientiane, the capital city of Laos.
The train is operated by Belmond Ltd. It runs several times a months most of the year.
Fares on the Bangkok to Singapore train in September 2015 (four days, three nights) start at US$2,690.
The train was built in Japan in 1972 and operated as the Silver Star in New Zealand. All 31 carriages were later operated by Orient-Express Hotels, which in 2014 changed its name to Belmond Ltd. Twenty-four carriages were regauged from New Zealand's gauge to gauge for Thai and Malaysian railway lines by A & G Price of Thames, New Zealand. An extensive internal rebuild and fit-out plus exterior painting and badging was undertaken by the new owners at their (then) newly constructed maintenance depot on KTMB land in Singapore's Keppel Road rail yards. The design of the remodelling was by Gérard Gallet, the man behind much of the design and refurbishment of other Belmond products such as the British Pullman and the Venice Simplon-Orient-Express.
The train consists following carriages, from which only a maximum of 21 are operated at once:
The train is fully air-conditioned, and every compartments have en-suite bathroom with shower and WC. Haulage is provided by common SRT and KTM diesel engines.
The layout of many carriages and the comfort classes were also used for the designing of the Great South Pacific Express (now to be used as Belmond Andean Explorer).
The Eastern and Oriental Express operates nine routes. In 2010 it began new all-inclusive tour programs of six nights. For example, Epic Thailand starts and ends in Bangkok, and visits a number of villages, temples, and Chiang Mai before returning to Bangkok.
The busiest route is Singapore–Bangkok:

Semir Tuce (born 11 February 1964) is a former Bosnian footballer, who played as left winger.
Tuce was born in Mostar and started to play professionally for Velež in 1983, and became one of their best players. He would shoot with his left foot, and was noted in the Yugoslav First League. During his career in Velež he played 187 games and scored 54 goals.
In 1986, he was named the Yugoslav Footballer of the Year.
In 1989, he moved to Switzerland to play for FC Luzern. He played in Switzerland 5 years. He ended his career in 1994.
He also played for the former Yugoslav national team 7 times and scored 2 goals.
Nowadays he lives in Switzerland, but is planning to return home to Mostar.

Kosmopoliet I (800 tons) is said to have been one of the first Dutch clippers. 
She was launched on 29 November, 1854 by the shipyard of Cornelis Gips and Sons in Dordrecht, The Netherlands, for the account of the shipping company of Gebr. Blussé (Dordrecht), inspired by a model of a medium-clipper presented in 1852 at an exhibition in Amsterdam by the Dutch lieutenant-commander M.H. Jansen. 
The "Kosmopoliet" carried both cargo and passengers. She was full rigged and carried royals and skysails on all three masts. 
Though a voyage from the Netherlands to Java (port to port) normally took a 100 days or more, the "Kosmopoliet" completed her maiden voyage in 89 days. Later she did the passage in 76, 74 and 77 days. 
In 1865 the "Kosmopoliet II" (1200 tons) was launched, followed by "Kosmopoliet III" in 1871, which measured 1548 tons.

Lisa Anne Maxwell is an Australian rock/pop/alternative artist from Benalla, in the north-east of Victoria, Australia. She has released on EP ("Bad Day", 2005, a single, "Never Coming Back Here Again", 2005, and one album ("Select Vacancy", 2006).
Signed to an Arts Victoria funded music project titled "The Bent Incubator" in 2003, Lisa received radio airplay with her track "Say What I Mean", which featured on the compilation. This resulted in a three album deal with producer and former Bent Records boss Jamie Durrant's label, Essential Music Australia.
Maxwell's debut EP "Bad Day", released in 2005, spawned the popular instrumental track "Harmonic Rock", which received high rotation on Australia's national music video show Rage. This clip, along with her subsequent music videos have been featured on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's "Video On Demand" site, which presents clips from a select few artists each week. Lisa Maxwell's music has received airplay the UK, Japan, United States, and Canada as well as across Australian radio. The song "Harmonic Rock" is now the theme music for "The Bleeding Edge", Australia's first all girl Indie Music Podcast.
A self-taught multi-instrumentalist, Lisa Maxwell has performed a variety of instruments on her recordings, including lead and rhythm guitar, bass guitar, Wurlitzer, dulcimer and piano, as well as engineered and co-produced. She has also engineered sessions for Lillian Thoms and Lelu. Screenshot from Lisa Maxwell's "Anna" video
In 2007, Lisa Maxwell produced a video clip for her single "Anna" that she directed herself. A friend of Lisa's, Jasmine Billingsley who is also a singer/songwriter from Benalla starred in the film clip as the character "Anna" where she walked around Benalla in a black and white cutout mask. The video was voted number one the eaTV Most Wanted viewer chart in July 2007.

Ricardo Felipe dos Santos Esteves (born 16 September 1979) is a retired Portuguese footballer. On the right side of the pitch, he could play as either a defender or midfielder.
He played in 117 Primeira Liga games over the course of seven seasons, representing Vitória de Setúbal, Alverca, Benfica, Braga, Nacional, Paços de Ferreira and Marítimo in the competition. He also competed professionally in four other countries, mainly Italy.
Esteves was born in Lisbon. After arriving at S.L. Benfica at the age of 11 he moved constantly between the club's main and reserve squads, only appearing in ten games in the Primeira Liga, all in the same season. He was loaned once during his contract, and also had a brief spell with feeder club F.C. Alverca.
Released in January 2002 Esteves represented, in quick succession, S.C. Braga, C.D. Nacional and F.C. Paços de Ferreira, after which he began an abroad adventure, playing three years in Italy with Reggina Calcio (two) and Vicenza Calcio in both major levels.
Esteves played in the 2007–08 campaign back in his country, with C.S. Marítimo, after which he moved again, now to Greece and Asteras Tripoli FC. In January 2010 he was sold to FC Seoul, scoring in his debut against Daejeon Citizen FC.
In June, after four goals and as many assists, Esteves was released. Late in that month he returned to his country and former side Marítimo, which had qualified for the UEFA Europa League.

tuProlog (also called 2P) is a Java-based light-weight Prolog engine developed at the University of Bologna, and maintained by the aliCE Research Group based in Cesena, at the Second Faculty of Engineering, with some members working at the Faculty of Engineering located in Bologna.
tuProlog has been designed to be one of the basic bricks of Internet applications and infrastructures; this purpose has dictated its main characteristics, such as deployability, lightness, dynamic configurability, integration with Java and ease of interoperability.
"Deployability" of tuProlog owes a lot to Java. Requirements for tuProlog installation simply amount to the presence of a standard Java VM, and a Java invocation upon a single JAR file is everything needed to start a tuProlog activity.
tuProlog is also designed with "minimality" in mind. So, the tuProlog core is a tiny Java object that contains only the most essential properties of a Prolog engine. Only the required Prolog features (e.g. I/O predicates, DCG operators) are then to be added to or removed from a tuProlog engine according to the contingent application needs.
The counterpart of minimality is "configurability". In fact, a simple yet powerful mechanism is required to load and unload useful predicates, functors and operators in a tuProlog engine, both statically and dynamically. This is provided by the notion of "tuProlog library", which can be either defined in the standard tuProlog distribution, or defined ad hoc by the tuProlog user or developer. A tuProlog library can be built using either Prolog, or Java, or both languages, and can be either used to configure a tuProlog engine when this is started up, or loaded (and then unloaded) dynamically at any time during the engine execution.
"Integration with Java" aims at letting developers create components of a tuProlog application by choosing at any step the most suitable paradigm (either declarative/logic or imperative/object-oriented). From the Prolog side, thanks to the "JavaLibrary" library, any Java entity (object, class, package) can be represented as a Prolog term and exploited from Prolog. So, for instance, Java packages like Swing and JDBC can be directly used from within Prolog, straightforwardly enhancing tuProlog with graphics and database access capabilities. From the Java side, a tuProlog engine can be invoked and used as a simple Java object, possibly embedded in beans, or exploited in a multi-threaded context, according to the application needs. Also, a multiplicity of different tuProlog engines can be used from a Java program at the same time, each one configured with its own libraries and knowledge base.
Finally, "interoperability" is developed along two main lines: Internet standard patterns, and coordination models. So, tuProlog supports interaction via TCP/IP and RMI, and can be also provided as a CORBA service. In addition, tuProlog supports tuple-based coordination under many forms. First, components of a tuProlog application can be organised around Java-based tuple spaces, logic tuple spaces, and ReSpecT tuple centres. Then, tuProlog applications can exploit Internet infrastructures providing tuple-based coordination services, like LuCe and TuCSoN.
tuProlog is an Open Source project released under the LGPL. As such, it has been packaged for the Gentoo Linux distribution.

Joseph Russell is a professional backgammon player from Los Angeles, California.
He is a founding sponsor and the chairman of the board of directors of the U.S. Backgammon Federation. He organized and directed the first national collegiate backgammon championships on behalf of the U.S. Backgammon Federation. He was a teacher/coach for the UCLA backgammon team that won the national collegiate backgammon championship in 2011.
He is a former World Champion and Vice-World Champion. He was inducted into the Backgammon Hall of Fame in 2017. The backgammon titles he has won include:

Kryptopterus cryptopterus (blue sheatfish) is a species of catfish, the type species of the genus "Kryptopterus". It can be distinguished from all its congeners, with the exception of the newly split "Kryptopterus geminus", by the almost flat dorsal profile with no concavity behind the head. This species grows to a length of SL.
This distinctively shaped, translucent fish is found in Peninsular Malaysia, Borneo and Sumatra. Specimens from Cambodia, Laos, Thailand and Vietnam previously assigned to this species are now recognized as a separate species, "K. geminus". "K. cryptopterus" can be distinguished from this close relative by its broader head, shorter snout, shorter anal fin and eyes located much more ventrally.
In Thailand it is one of the catfish species known in the markets as "Pla Nuea On" (ปลาเนื้ออ่อน), highly valued as food in the local cuisine for its delicate flesh. This fish is also often used for making fish balls.

Atsugewi traditional narratives include myths, legends, tales, and oral histories preserved by the Atsugewi people of the Pit River basin of northeastern California.
Atsugewi oral literature reflects the transitional position of Atsugewi culture between central California, Northwest Coast, Plateau, and Great Basin regions. ("See also" Traditional narratives (Native California).)

Metaphor Computer Systems (1982–1994) was a Xerox PARC spin-off that created an advanced workstation, database gateway, a unique graphical office interface, and software applications that communicate. The Metaphor machine was one of the first commercial workstations to offer a complete hardware/software package and a GUI. Although the company achieved some commercial success, it never achieved the fame of either the Apple Macintosh or Microsoft Windows.
David Liddle and Donald Massaro founded Metaphor in 1982 after leaving Xerox PARC. By 1987, the company had an annual revenue of $39.7 million. In 1991, IBM, one of its primary customers, acquired the company outright.
The Metaphor workstation had a wireless keyboard, wireless mouse, wireless numeric pad, and a wireless 5-function keypad. All these input devices docked in the desktop workstation where they were recharged. Objects on the desktop and open applications had a uniform command set that could be controlled by the keypad which had Copy, Move, Delete, Options, and Size. Workstations were connected with Ethernet. The industrial design of the workstation was done by Mike Nutall of Matrix Product Design. It won a gold medal from the IDSA. The workstation itself was engineered by James Yurchenco at David Kelley Design. Both Matrix and David Kelley Design were precursors of IDEO.
Two different workstations models were produced. Workstation One had an external electronics enclosure. Workstation Two had integrated electronics. A Workstation Three, which included a color screen, was designed through final prototypes, but was never taken into production.
Xerox PARC in 1973 began development of the Alto, widely shown in 1979. The Alto was the first computer with a bitmap display, mouse and a desktop metaphor as a graphical user interface (GUI). Xerox commercialized it as the Xerox Star.
The Metaphor GUI provided a unique visualization of end-to-end elements in an enterprise. In total, Metaphor branded this as a Data Interpretation System (DIS), which is a class of Decision Support System (DSS) 
The DIS software was designed to show in one workflow, the access of data from SQL databases, its analysis and then its presentation. This was accomplish by using graphically iconic applications for database gateway, spreadsheet, plot, email, and printing tools all connected by arrows. These were animated when the workflow ran. The workflow collection was called a Capsule.
The heart of the Metaphor DIS system was the Capsule. Basically, a capsule was a simplified BATCH program. Because Metaphor applications were built so they communicated with each other, they could be moved into a folder and automated in a "Capsule". (The name was taken from the manned space capsules of the time.)
The functionality of the Word Processor, Spreadsheet, and Data Retrieval tools were no better than their Microsoft Office counterparts (in fact, they had a smaller sub-set of features than Office). The primary advantage of Metaphor's system was the degree to which applications were linked together. Complex reiterative data-retrieval jobs were able to be created on-the-fly by a user with no programming knowledge.
A user could visually drag fields from multiple databases into the Data Retrieval tool (which would generate its own SQL code based on the fields, links and criteria displayed) and send the output directly into a spreadsheet for sorting, calculations, and graphs. The report could then be sent into a pre-formatted Word Processing document, sent to the printer, and even e-mailed to a pre-designated distribution list. The whole process would repeat for each SKU, Region, Price Code, etc. without any human interaction.
Even in today's GUI designs, this abstract conception of the desktop has never been attempted because it requires the interoperation of every application, a uniform dataflow model, and a communication protocol usable by a supervisor in a programmatic way.
In March 2000, IBM licensed the Metaphor IBM Intelligent Decision Server (IDS) technology to Relational Development Systems (RDS), which was renamed Meta5.
Metaphor and IBM created a venture called Patriot Partners in 1990. The attempt was to create an organization that could produce a solid business line of object-oriented software. Rather than capitalize the venture, IBM purchased the Metaphor software division in 1991 and operated it as a wholly owned, independent subsidiary, and the hardware and field repair division was spun of into its own company, Sequence Support Services. In May 1992, Sequence Support Services ceased operations. In October 1994, Metaphor ceased operations.

Taken by digital camera, no copyright required.


Tim Cavanagh is an American comedic musician.
Cavanagh has been featured on many nationally syndicated radio and television programs. His parody of "99 Red Balloons" ("99 Dead Baboons") was the third most requested song on the Dr. Demento radio show in 1984. He was a regular writer, guest, and contributor on "The Danny Bonaduce Show", creating dozens of jingles and songs for use on the show. Since 1997, he has had a regular segment on "The Bob & Tom Show", heard every weekday morning in roughly 100 markets nationwide. Cavanagh is also sometimes featured on local programs, including "The Jim Krenn Show", a morning drive show in Pittsburgh.
Cavanagh's stand-up routines have been featured on television networks such as ABC, Showtime Network and Comedy Central.

"Oh Very Young" is a song composed by Cat Stevens. It was released on his 1974 album "Buddha and the Chocolate Box", as well as several later "Best of..." and "Greatest Hits" albums. This song that poses a question asked by future generations reached number 10 in the U.S. charts.
On his website djallyn.org, DJ Ally posted the following about "Oh Very Young" on April 30, 2009:
Suzanne Lynch worked as a session musician until she became a regular part of Cat Stevens' vocal group and appeared on several of his albums. The first song Lynch did for Stevens was "Oh Very Young" in which she sang the solo line and the haunting background melody.
Jonathan Rayson also covered the song on his 2006 album "Shiny and New".

Hurricane Dean was the fourth named storm and second hurricane of the 1989 Atlantic hurricane season. Dean formed on July 31 and reached tropical storm status the following day east of the Leeward Islands. Dean brushed the northern Leeward Islands as a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale, bringing light rain but producing no damage, before turning northward and striking Bermuda as a Category 2 hurricane. Dean continued northward before making landfall in southeastern Newfoundland.
Since Dean was initially difficult to forecast, it posed a possible threat to the Lesser Antilles, as a result, several evacuations occurred, and many hurricane watches and warning were issued. However, as Dean turned northward, all watches and warnings in the Lesser Antilles were discontinued. As Dean approached Bermuda, a hurricane watch was issued, and was later upgraded to a hurricane warning. After Dean tracked away from the island, the hurricane warning was discontinued. In addition, a hurricane warning was briefly in effect for Sable Island, Nova Scotia. The storm left $8.9 million (1989 USD, $  USD) and sixteen injuries across Bermuda, but no fatalities were reported. In Atlantic Canada, Dean dropped light rain across Nova Scotia and Sable Island.
A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on July 27 as detected by Meteosat imagery. By July 31 the tropical wave began being classified, using the Dvorak Technique, by satellite analysts at the National Hurricane Center, in part due to persistent deep convection. Shortly thereafter the system organized enough that the National Hurricane Center began classifying it as Tropical Depression Five, roughly halfway between Cape Verde and the Lesser Antilles. The depression moved westward at 17 mph (28 km/h), intensifying as it did so, and eventually intensified enough to be upgraded to a tropical storm, which was named "Dean" by the National Hurricane Center.
Continuing generally westward, Dean continued to gradually intensify and became a hurricane on August 2 after an Air Force reconnaissance flight had recorded hurricane-force winds. The following day a decreasing ridge of high pressure to the north and a trough of low pressure forming off the East Coast of the United States caused Dean to slow in its forward motion and turn northwest. The trough of low pressure forming off the East Coast of the United States was deepening, causing Dean to curve northward while remaining nearly stationary. After remaining nearly stationary, Dean began to accelerate to a forward speed of 17 mph (28 km/h) as it headed toward Bermuda. Thereafter, Dean intensified into a Category 2 hurricane, whilst the eastern half of the eyewall brushed Bermuda. Dean continued to intensify slightly after passing the island of Bermuda and became a Category 2 hurricane on August 7. While Dean was a Category 2 hurricane, it attained its peak intensity with winds of 105 mph (165 km/h) and a minimum pressure of 968 mbar (hPa; 28.59 inHg).
After peak intensity, the forward speed of Dean continued to increase as it approached Atlantic Canada while weakening back to a Category 1 hurricane. While approaching southern Newfoundland, Dean had weakened enough to be downgraded to a tropical storm on August 8. Shortly thereafter, Dean then made landfall on the south coast of Newfoundland with winds of 65 mph (105 km/h). Later that day, Dean emerged into the far north Atlantic and rapidly transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on the following day.
Hurricane Dean was very difficult to forecast in its early stages as the storm approached the eastern Caribbean. Even though most forecast models predicted that Dean would skirt the Leeward Islands, the track prediction models were not consistent and, as a result, uncertainty existed in justifying the posting of watches and warnings for the Leeward Islands and Puerto Rico. One track predicted Dean to threaten South Florida within three to four days.
Regardless, the National Hurricane Center issued hurricane warnings for Guadeloupe on August 2 and the rest of the Leeward Islands extending to the Virgin Islands. The uncertainty of the hurricanes forecast track forced residents and tourists in the Lesser Antilles to evacuate. In the British Virgin Islands, 80 American and Canadian tourists evacuated to hotels. In Puerto Rico, residents were advised to secure or stow away loose objects and stock up on emergency supplies. 1.1 million residents in the city of San Juan went to supermarkets to get much needed supplies in anticipation that the storm might hit Puerto Rico. In Humacao, the National Guard evacuated 1,966 people living along a coastal highway. The islands of Martinique and Dominica were placed under a hurricane watch. The warning for Guadeloupe was discontinued at 2200 UTC when the hurricane posed no threat to the island. Simultaneously, the hurricane watches in effect for Martinique and Dominica were also discontinued. As Dean continued westward, the National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane watch for the Turks and Caicos Islands. The watch was soon canceled as Dean made its northward turn towards Bermuda.
In Bermuda, the National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane watch on August 5. The hurricane watch was later changed to a hurricane warning the following day. Dean’s approach to the island canceled numerous inbound and outbound flights. In Atlantic Canada, the National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning for Nova Scotia and Sable Island, while the Canadian forecasters issued a high wind advisory.
The outer bands of Hurricane Dean produced heavy rainfall and winds up to 75 mph (121 km/h) across Antigua and Barbuda. There was no reported damage in the Leeward Islands or the Virgin Islands since the hurricane turned northward. In the Atlantic, a sailboat bound for Bermuda was caught off guard by the hurricane. The boat, which carried no radio equipment, was spotted by a hurricane hunter plane. The occupants of the boat suffered no injuries. In Bermuda, the hurricanes eastern eyewall produced 81 mph (130 km/h) sustained winds with gusts up to 113 mph (182 km/h). Bermuda highest rainfall total from Dean was 2.45 in (50.8 mm) while parts of the island received 3-5 in (76.2–127 mm) of rain.
Strong winds from Hurricane Dean caused considerable power line damage, leaving 65,000 residents without electricity. The winds also caused minor roof damage. In Hamilton Harbor, 20 pleasure boats were damaged or sent adrift due to the rough seas. Flooding from the hurricane damaged fifteen houses. Sixteen people were injured by the hurricane, five of the injuries were considered serious. There were, however, no reports of fatalities from Dean’s impact on Bermuda. Damage in Bermuda amounted up to $8.9 million (1989 USD, $  USD).
Although Dean remained away from the United States coastline, it produced storm tides of 1.7 ft (0.51 m) to North Carolina. In Atlantic Canada, hurricane-force winds were reported in Nova Scotia and Sable Island. Newfoundland reported winds of only 50 mph (80 km/h). Moderate rainfall was reported on Newfoundland, with most areas of the island experiencing at least 1 in (25.4 mm) of precipitation. Rainfall on Newfoundland peaked at 2.7 in (68.58 mm) on the south coast of the island, near the location of Dean's landfall. A majority of rainfall was reported on the west side of Dean, but minimal precipitation had been recorded to the east of the storm. High winds were reported on the eastern side of the storm, however, with lighter winds along the western quadrants of Dean. Offshore, waves up to 26 ft (7.92 m) were reported and Sable Island reported rainfall of 0.59 in (15 mm). Although there were no reports of damage in Atlantic Canada from Hurricane Dean, three sailors had to be rescued by the Canadian Coast Guard when their boat got dismasted during the storm.

The Quang khem ("slow-running deer") or Chinh's deer is an animal resembling a deer, found in the Pu Mat region of Vietnam, close to Vũ Quang. It first came to scientific attention through the work of biologist Nguyen Ngoc Chinh.
It is curious for its antlers, which, unlike those of other deer, are unpronged, in fact resembling the curled horns of an antelope. Quang khem skulls culled by Dr Nguyen have been sent to Copenhagen University, where they are being studied by Dr Peter Arctander, who has so far been unable to relate them to any known deer species. As a result, its taxonomic status remains undefined and no binomial name has been assigned yet.

Ugo Giachery (May 13, 1896 – July 5, 1989) was a prominent Italian Bahá'í from an aristocratic family from Palermo. At an anniversary of the founding of the spiritual assembly of Perugia Giachery told the story of how, as a young wounded soldier, still ignorant of the Bahá'í Faith, he was in Perugia in 1916. After World War I he moved to the United States, where he became a Bahá'í around 1926. In 1947, his family moved back to Rome in Italy. He translated many Bahá'í books into Italian. From 1948 he started taking care of the marble supplies from Italy for the superstructure of the Shrine of the Báb and the International Archives Building.
He was appointed a Hand of the Cause by Shoghi Effendi in December 1951, who also appointed him as a member-at-large of the International Bahá'í Council, and who named one of the doors of the Shrine of the Báb after him.

Equity Red Star (ERS) is a specialist motor insurer. It has been providing insurance products for more than 70 years and now provides cover solely via Lloyd’s Syndicate 218. ERS offers a diverse range of products, including private car, classic car, van, motorcycle, taxi, minibus, fleet, haulage, agricultural vehicle and motor breakdown.
ERS began life in 1946 as Equity Motor Policies, a Lloyd's syndicate. In 1987 the company merged with Red Star to form Equity Red Star. Nine years later the company was bought by Cox Insurance, a Lloyd's underwriting business specialising in nuclear, marine and catastrophe insurance.
In 2002, following losses incurred due to 9/11, Cox Insurance withdrew from its commercial insurance activity to focus on personal lines. The business raised new equity capital to support its motor underwriting operation. 
A management buyout of the business in 2005 led to a new focus and a new name, Equity Insurance Group – led by CEO, Neil Utley - backed by investors Englefield and Duke Street Capital. It was headquartered at Brentwood,Essex. Further facilities are located in Colchester and Swansea. The group's high street broking network was rebranded, converging Bennetts, Insure-shop and JMW to become Equity Insurance Brokers.
On 4 December 2006, Australian insurer Insurance Australia Group announced that it would acquire Equity Insurance Group for £570 million and Open + Direct Insurance Services, the largest retail broking operation in Northern Ireland.. The acquisition was completed on 8 January 2007 and Neil Utley, then CEO, joined the executive team of IAG. IAG also acquired Barnett & Barnett in 2008, and went on to dispose of its branch-based broking in 2009.
In May 2012, IAG announced a strategic review of its UK operations, selling Barnett & Barnett and the NBJ Broking arm. In April 2013 US Private Equity company Aquiline purchased Equity Insurance Group from IAG for £80 million. This prompted a transformation programme which led to the sale of EDBL and its personal accident and household books to Arista. In April 2014, Equity Insurance Group rebranded to ERS and became a "motor only, broker only" insurer. It now operates solely as an A+ rated Lloyd's syndicate 218.[1]
In 2014 ERS underwent structural changes to drive further organisational efficiencies and implement steps to help the company achieve its goal of a 90% combined operational ratio. This involved consolidating ERS’ offices into two locations (London and Swansea) and expanding both locations for growth. As a result the Brentwood head office was closed with the majority of work that had been undertaken there split between London and Swansea. However servicing for ERS’ direct classic car arm, RH Insurance, remains in Brentwood at an alternative site.
2014
ERS announced a full calendar year profit of £8.3m, the first it has reported since 2009 and a £28m improvement year on year. The combined ratio improved by 6.6% to 101% from the prior year, with improvements across all ratios but the majority of improvement coming from the loss ratio. Gross written premiums £388m, down from £406m.
ERS has approved the closure of its 2012 year of account with a small profit, £1.4m, 0.3% of capacity. This is the first year of account since 2007 to close with a profit and is an improvement on the forecast provided last year which was for a small loss of £1.1m or 0.2% of capacity. The forecast released for the 2013 year of account remains a small loss of 0.9% of capacity with a forecast of -5.9% to +4.1%. This is an improvement on the forecast at the same point last year which was -7.3% to +2.7% and also an improvement on the Q3 2014 forecast.
2015
The calendar year profit for 2015 was 6.0m and the combined ratio improved to 99.8% (2014: 101%) and is below 100% for the first time since 2009, with improvements across all ratios but the majority of improvement coming from the loss ratio. Gross written premiums £394m, an increase of 2% from 2014.
ERS has approved the closure of its 2013 year of account with a profit, £10.7m, 2.4% of capacity, this is an improvement from a year ago which forecast 2013 as a small loss of 0.9% of capacity and a range of -5.9% to +4.1%. The current forecast released for the 2014 year of account remains a loss of 3.4% of capacity with a forecast of -8.4% to +1.6%.
ERS has received the following national awards:

Kryptopterus geminus is a species of catfish belonging to the family Siluridae. It can be distinguished from all its congeners, with the exception of "Kryptopterus cryptopterus", by the almost flat dorsal profile with no concavity behind the head. This species grows to a length of SL.
Examples of this distinctively shaped, translucent fish used to be assigned to the long-established species "K. cryptopterus" but recent studies have shown several small but consistent differences which prompted the erection of this new species. It has been recorded in Cambodia, Laos, Thailand and Vietnam. "K. geminus" can be distinguished from this close relative by its narrower head, longer snout, longer anal fin and eyes located much more laterally.

This is the list of Mayors of Nablus in chronological order.

Ange-François Fariau (; 13 October 1747 – 8 December 1810) was a French poet and translator.
Fariau was born in Blois, the son of an advisor to the king. He studied in the Jesuit college of Blois, and later at the Sainte-Barbe college in Paris. A protégé of Turgot, he went on to be a teacher in the Parisian school of rue Saint-Antoine, teaching grammar and later belles-lettres. He became well known for his translations of Ovid's works, especially Metamorphoses. Fariau also penned his own odes and poems. In 1810 he was elected to l'Académie française, but died in Paris three months later after a fall.

California (663 tons) is the most famous of four Dutch clippers launched in 1853. An iron-hulled clipper, she was built by Fop Smit and mastered by F.C. Jaski for the company L. Bienfait & sn. On the maiden voyage Jaski sailed her in 86 days from The Downs to Port Adelaide, delivering a hundred English immigrants.

Nathalie Handal () (born 29 July 1969) is an award-winning poet, writer, and playwright.
Nathalie Handal is a French-American poet and playwright born in Haiti to a Palestinian family from Bethlehem.. She has lived in France, the United States, Latin America, the Caribbean and the Arab world. After earning a MFA in Creative Writing from Bennington College, Vermont and a MPhil in English and Drama at the University of London, Handal became interested in the writing of Arab women in the 1990s. She currently has residences in both New York City and Paris, and is a professor at Columbia University.
Handal is the author of five books of poetry, several plays and the editor of two anthologies. She is a Lannan Foundation Fellow, Centro Andaluz de las Letras Fellow, Fondazione di Venezia Fellow, recipient of the Alejo Zuloaga Order in Literature 2011, the AE Ventures Fellowship, an Honored Finalist for the 2009 Gift of Freedom Award, and was shortlisted for New London Writers Awards and The Arts Council of England Writers Awards. She has also been involved as a writer, director, or producer in over twenty theatrical or film productions. Her work has appeared in numerous anthologies and magazines, such as "Vanity Fair," "The New York Times", "The Guardian", "World Literature Today", "The Virginia Quarterly Review", "Poetry New Zealand", "Guernica Magazine", and "The Nation"; and has been translated into more than fifteen languages. She was the featured poet in the "PBS NewsHour" on April 20, 2009. Her book "The Lives of Rain" was shortlisted for the Agnes Lynch Starrett Poetry Prize and received the Menada Literary Award and "Love and Strange Horses" is the winner of the 2011 Gold Medal Independent Publisher Book Award (IPPY Award), and an Honorable Mention at the San Francisco Book Festival and the New England Book Festival. The critically acclaimed "Poet in Andalucía" (2012) consists of “poems of depth and weight, and the sorrowing song of longing and resolve.”
The flash collection "The Republics" is lauded as “one of the most inventive books by one of today’s most diverse writers” and the winner of the Virginia Faulkner Award for Excellence in Writing.
Handal has promoted international literature through translation and research, and edited "The Poetry of Arab Women", an anthology that introduced several Arab women poets to a wider audience in the West and is used in university classes around the U.S. It was an Academy of American Poets bestseller, named one of the top 10 Feminist Books by "The Guardian", and won the PEN Oakland/Josephine Miles Literary Award. She co-edited along with Tina Chang and Ravi Shankar the anthology "Language for a New Century: Contemporary Poetry from the Middle East, Asia & Beyond". She was Picador Guest Professor at Leipzig University, Germany, and is currently teaching at Columbia University and part of the Low-Residency MFA faculty at Sierra Nevada College.
Handal writes the literary travel column "The City and The Writer", for the online magazine Words Without Borders. She has also written a piece based upon a book of the "King James Bible" as part of the Bush Theatre's 2011 project Sixty-Six Books.
In her collection "Poet in Andalucía" she goes back to Islamic Spain where Christians, Jews, and Muslims lived in relative harmony.
"Groundbreaking poet, playwright, and editor Nathalie Handal is one of our most diverse contemporary writers, and as the Washington Independent Review of Books writes, it’s with “startling force [that she] is building an architecture for the wanderer.” Handal’s poem “Lady Liberty” was to appear on posters in New York City subways, buses, taxis, and on MetroCards as part of Poetry in Motion, a joint project of the MTA Arts for Transit & Urban Design and the Poetry Society of America, whose featured poems are read by more than seven million commuters daily.”


Colin Frederick Madigan AO (22 July 192117 September 2011) was an Australian architect. He is best known for designing the National Gallery of Australia in Canberra.
Born in Glen Innes, New South Wales, Madigan studied architecture at Sydney Technical College from 1939 to 1941. He enlisted in the Royal Australian Navy in 1941, and was one of the few survivors of the sinking of the corvette HMAS "Armidale" off Timor in 1942.
In 1951 Madigan, Maurice Edwards and Jack Torzillo formed the firm, "Edwards Madigan Torzillo and Partners", whose work was mostly on public projects such as public housing, public libraries, schools and offices. A notable building from this period was the Warringah Council Library at Dee Why, New South Wales, which was awarded the Sir John Sulman Medal for architecture in 1966. In 1968, they won the design competition for the National Gallery of Australia. Later, Madigan supervised construction of the High Court of Australia after its designer Christopher Kringas died in March 1975, just prior to the start of construction in April 1975. The unsuccessful design for the new Australian Parliament House in Canberra was one of the shortlisted finalists in the architectural design competition.
He retired in 1989.
Madigan also wrote a book on the sinking of HMAS "Armidale" in 1942, "Armidale '42 : a survivor's account".
In later years, Madigan vigorously opposed plans to build a new entrance to the National Gallery of Australia. He died, aged 90, in Bangalow, New South Wales on 17 September 2011, survived by his wife Ruby (née Court-Rice), their son Guy (born 1952) and a grandson.
Madigan received a Gold Medal from the Royal Australian Institute of Architects in 1981.
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia in the Australia Day Honours of 1984, and was awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001.

Prlwytzkofsky is a fictional written variant of the Dutch language, based on the idiolect of the Polish-German Professor Zbigniew Prlwytzkofsky (sometimes spelled Prlwytzkofski), as featured in the Tom Puss (Tom Poes in Dutch) and Oliver B. Bumble (Olivier B. Bommel in Dutch) series by Marten Toonder.
The Professor uses several well-known catchphrases:
The language is characterised by an abundance of composite words built on the combination of words literally translated from German, but in a small number of cases including a Slavic word. Often, the particular combination in Dutch may create a hint or an echo of a totally unconnected word. For instance, "mislinger" (loser,failure, a person) combines the Dutch word mis (miss = wrong, failure) with the German word (ge)lingen (succeed) creating a word which hints at "slinger" (pendulum or festoon). The actual Dutch word is "mislukkeling". Professor Prlwytzkofsky calls disturbed brains "verhoornde hersenschors" - horned cerebral cortex. "Verhoornd" (horned) rhymes with "verstoord" (disturbed), which is the meaning here, but actually translates the German word for brain, which is "Gehirn". Without knowledge of the German word, one may be led to think that the phrase refers to the brains of a cuckold.
A Slavic influence is obvious in Prlwytzkofsky calling his assistant Alexander Pieps (a mouse) "Irkoetsk" ("short-statured assistant, who always manages to do things in the wrong way", but of course also referring to the Siberian town).
Clearest examples of Germanization are:
(but since all words not of the female sex but ending in a consonant or diphthong take "Der" as their article, this also hides a Slavic substratum and simplifies the Prlwytzkofsky gender system, compared to Dutch and German)

David G. Davies is a microbiologist and associate professor at Binghamton University in Binghamton, New York (United States). His interests lie specifically in the study of biofilms. He has a Ph.D. in Microbiology from Montana State University (1996).

Bruno Fontes da Mota (born 24 October 1987) is a Swiss football (soccer) midfielder, he plays for Swiss Challenge League team FC Le Mont.
He played youth football in Servette FC (2000–05) and "Athlétique Régina" (1993–2000), professional for AC Bellinzona (2007), FC Chiasso (2008) and Taranto Sport (2008–2009).
In January 2009, he was signed by FC Chiasso.

The West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) is a type of standardized test in West Africa. It is administered by the West African Examinations Council. It is only offered to candidates residing in Anglophone West African countries. The academic school-leaving qualification awarded upon successful completion of the exams is the West African Senior School Certificate (WASSCE).
There are two different types of the examination:
Candidates are advised that they will be required to satisfy not only the university's general entrance requirements but also the requirements of the particular faculty which they wish to enter and that these requirements vary considerably. Particulars of entrance requirements and exemption regulations may be obtained from the universities or professional bodies concerned.
Students who choose to study in Nigerian universities are required to sit for the entrance examinations administered by the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) known as the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME).
Universities in the United Kingdom may in addition, require candidates to complete a one-year foundation course or acceptable alternative.

Vertex logo added by James Eyre

These are songs released by electronic/dance music act iiO.


Abdul Rahman Saleem, (born Rahman Yahyaei) also known as Abu Yahya, is a British-Iranian Islamic activist, born around 1975.
Saleem was born in Mashhad, Iran in 1975 to a Punjabi Sunni family. He left Iran for London in 1979 following the Iranian Revolution where he was bullied and discriminated against for his South Asian identity. This provoked his embracement of radical Islam and later he became closely acquainted with Al-Muhajiroun members Omar Bakri and Anjem Choudary. Nonetheless, he excelled in his studies, earning 11 A* Grades at GCSE and 5 A grades at A Level in English literature, Persian, Further Mathematics, Mathematics and Physics. Despite this, he opted to attend University in Iran and was granted a placement at Sharif University of Technology to study Mechanical Engineering in 1993. He graduated in 1998 and returned to the United Kingdom the following year.
He is a former Al Muhajiroun spokesman, a former member of the Saved Sect, and was a prominent member of al-Maddad, an organisation that claims to have sent dozens of British Muslims to fight in Chechnya and elsewhere. In August 2001, ...he went to secret camps in Pakistan and Afghanistan and trained in the use of guns and explosives.
He lives in Poplar, London. He is the father of five children and works for British Telecom as an engineer.
On 18 November 2005 he attended the founding of Ahlus Sunnah wal Jamaah.
He participated in the Islamist demonstration outside the Danish Embassy in London in 2006, where he chanted "Europe you will pay with your blood" and "Denmark, USA, 7/7 on its way" through a megaphone, and he was charged with using words likely to stir up racial hatred and released on bail to appear at West London Magistrates' Court on 31 March 2006 On 1 February 2007, he was found guilty, and will be held until his sentencing in April.
He was found guilty of Incitement to Terrorism Overseas by a unanimous verdict, and found not guilty of Terrorist Fundraising by a majority verdict on 17 April in Kingston Crown Court, for his part on a DVD of the Night of Power, the 27th night of Ramadan in September 2004. He gave a series of speeches at the Regent's Park Mosque, the DVD of which was discovered at the former residence of Omar Bakri in 2006. He was sentenced the following day to three years imprisonment.

A magnetic domain is a region within a magnetic material in which the magnetization is in a uniform direction. This means that the individual magnetic moments of the atoms are aligned with one another and they point in the same direction. When cooled below a temperature called the Curie temperature, the magnetization of a piece of ferromagnetic material spontaneously divides into many small regions called magnetic domains. The magnetization within each domain points in a uniform direction, but the magnetization of different domains may point in different directions. Magnetic domain structure is responsible for the magnetic behavior of ferromagnetic materials like iron, nickel, cobalt and their alloys, and ferrimagnetic materials like ferrite. This includes the formation of permanent magnets and the attraction of ferromagnetic materials to a magnetic field. The regions separating magnetic domains are called domain walls, where the magnetization rotates coherently from the direction in one domain to that in the next domain. The study of magnetic domains is called micromagnetics.
Magnetic domains form in materials which have magnetic ordering; that is, their dipoles spontaneously align due to the exchange interaction. These are the ferromagnetic, ferrimagnetic and antiferromagnetic materials. Paramagnetic and diamagnetic materials, in which the dipoles align in response to an external field but do not spontaneously align, do not have magnetic domains.
Magnetic domain theory was developed by French physicist Pierre-Ernest Weiss who, in 1906, suggested existence of magnetic domains in ferromagnets. He suggested that large number of atomic magnetic moments (typically 10-10) were aligned parallel. The direction of alignment varies from domain to domain in a more or less random manner, although certain crystallographic axis may be preferred by the magnetic moments, called easy axes. Weiss still had to explain the reason for the spontaneous alignment of atomic moments within a ferromagnetic material, and he came up with the so-called Weiss mean field. He assumed that a given magnetic moment in a material experienced a very high effective magnetic field due to the magnetization of its neighbors. In the original Weiss theory the mean field was proportional to the bulk magnetization M, so that
formula_1
where formula_2 is the mean field constant. However this is not applicable to ferromagnets due to the variation of magnetization from domain to domain. In this case, the interaction field is
formula_3
Where formula_4 is the saturation magnetization at 0K.
Later, the quantum theory made it possible to understand the microscopic origin of the Weiss field. The exchange interaction between localized spins favored a parallel (in ferromagnets) or an anti-parallel (in anti-ferromagnets) state of neighboring magnetic moments
The reason a piece of magnetic material such as iron spontaneously divides into separate domains, rather than exist in a state with magnetization in the same direction throughout the material, is to minimize its internal energy. A large region of ferromagnetic material with a constant magnetization throughout will create a large magnetic field extending into the space outside itself "(diagram a, right)". This requires a lot of "magnetostatic energy" stored in the field. To reduce this energy, the sample can split into two domains, with the magnetization in opposite directions in each domain "(diagram b right)". The magnetic field lines pass in loops in opposite directions through each domain, reducing the field outside the material. To reduce the field energy further, each of these domains can split also, resulting in smaller parallel domains with magnetization in alternating directions, with smaller amounts of field outside the material.
The domain structure of actual magnetic materials does not usually form by the process of large domains splitting into smaller ones as described here. When a sample is cooled below the Curie temperature, for example, the equilibrium domain configuration simply appears. But domains can split, and the description of domains splitting is often used to reveal the energy tradeoffs in domain formation.
As explained above, a domain which is too big is unstable, and will divide into smaller domains. But a small enough domain will be stable and will not split, and this determines the size of the domains created in a material. This size depends on the balance of several energies within the material. Each time a region of magnetization splits into two domains, it creates a domain wall between the domains, where magnetic dipoles (molecules) with magnetization pointing in different directions are adjacent. The exchange interaction which creates the magnetization is a force which tends to align nearby dipoles so they point in the same direction. Forcing adjacent dipoles to point in different directions requires energy. Therefore, a domain wall requires extra energy, called the domain wall energy, which is proportional to the area of the wall.
Thus the net amount that the energy is reduced when a domain splits is equal to the difference between the magnetic field energy saved, and the additional energy required to create the domain wall. The field energy is proportional to the cube of the domain size, while the domain wall energy is proportional to the square of the domain size. So as the domains get smaller, the net energy saved by splitting decreases. The domains keep dividing into smaller domains until the energy cost of creating an additional domain wall is just equal to the field energy saved. Then the domains of this size are stable. In most materials the domains are microscopic in size, around 10 - 10 m .
An additional way for the material to further reduce its magnetostatic energy is to form domains with magnetization at right angles to the other domains "(diagram c, right)", instead of just in opposing parallel directions. These domains, called "flux closure domains", allow the field lines to turn 180° within the material, forming closed loops entirely within the material, reducing the magnetostatic energy to zero. However, forming these domains incurs two additional energy costs. First, the crystal lattice of most magnetic materials has magnetic anisotropy, which means it has an "easy" direction of magnetization, parallel to one of the crystal axes. Changing the magnetization of the material to any other direction takes additional energy, called the "magnetocrystalline anisotropy energy".
The other energy cost to creating domains with magnetization at an angle to the "easy" direction is caused by the phenomenon called magnetostriction. When the magnetization of a piece of magnetic material is changed to a different direction, it causes a slight change in its shape. The change in magnetic field causes the magnetic dipole molecules to change shape slightly, making the crystal lattice longer in one dimension and shorter in other dimensions. However, since the magnetic domain is "squished in" with its boundaries held rigid by the surrounding material, it cannot actually change shape. So instead, changing the direction of the magnetization induces tiny mechanical stresses in the material, requiring more energy to create the domain. This is called "magnetoelastic anisotropy energy".
To form these closure domains with "sideways" magnetization requires additional energy due to the aforementioned two factors. So flux closure domains will only form where the magnetostatic energy saved is greater than the sum of the "exchange energy" to create the domain wall, the magnetocrystalline anisotropy energy, and the magnetoelastic anisotropy energy. Therefore, most of the volume of the material is occupied by domains with magnetization either "up" or "down" along the "easy" direction, and the flux closure domains only form in small areas at the edges of the other domains where they are needed to provide a path for magnetic field lines to change direction "(diagram c, above)".
The above describes magnetic domain structure in a perfect crystal lattice, such as would be found in a single crystal of iron. However most magnetic materials are polycrystalline, composed of microscopic crystalline grains. These grains are "not" the same as domains. Each grain is a little crystal, with the crystal lattices of separate grains oriented in random directions. In most materials, each grain is big enough to contain several domains. Each crystal has an "easy" axis of magnetization, and is divided into domains with the axis of magnetization parallel to this axis, in alternate directions.
It can be seen that, although on a microscopic scale almost all the magnetic dipoles in a piece of ferromagnetic material are lined up parallel to their neighbors in domains, creating strong "local" magnetic fields, energy minimization results in a domain structure that minimizes the "large-scale" magnetic field. The domains point in different directions, confining the field lines to microscopic loops between neighboring domains within the material, so the combined fields cancel at a distance. Therefore, a bulk piece of ferromagnetic material in its lowest energy state has little or no external magnetic field. The material is said to be "unmagnetized".
However, the domains can also exist in other configurations in which their magnetization mostly points in the same direction, creating an external magnetic field. Although these are not minimum energy configurations, due to a phenomenon where the domain walls become "pinned" to defects in the crystal lattice they can be "local" minimums of the energy, and therefore can be very stable. Applying an external magnetic field to the material can make the domain walls move, causing the domains aligned with the field to grow, and the opposing domains to shrink. When the external field is removed, the domain walls remain pinned in their new orientation and the aligned domains produce a magnetic field. This is what happens when a piece of ferromagnetic material is "magnetized" and becomes a permanent magnet.
Heating a magnet, subjecting it to vibration by hammering it, or applying a rapidly oscillating magnetic field from a degaussing coil, tends to pull the domain walls free from their pinned states, and they will return to a lower energy configuration with less external magnetic field, thus "demagnetizing" the material.
The contributions of the different internal energy factors described above is expressed by the free energy equation proposed by Lev Landau and Evgeny Lifshitz in 1935, which forms the basis of the modern theory of magnetic domains. The domain structure of a material is the one which minimizes the Gibbs free energy of the material. For a crystal of magnetic material, this is the Landau-Lifshitz free energy, "E", which is the sum of these energy terms:
where
Some sources define a wall energy "E" equal to the sum of the exchange energy and the magnetocrystalline anisotropy energy, which replaces "E" and "E" in the above equation.
A stable domain structure is a magnetization function M(x), considered as a continuous vector field, which minimizes the total energy "E" throughout the material. To find the minimums a variational method is used, resulting in a set of nonlinear differential equations, called "Brown's equations" after William Fuller Brown Jr. Although in principle these equations can be solved for the stable domain configurations M(x), in practice only the simplest examples can be solved. Analytic solutions do not exist, and numerical solutions calculated by the finite element method are computationally intractable because of the large difference in scale between the domain size and the wall size. Therefore, micromagnetics has evolved approximate methods which assume that the magnetization of dipoles in the bulk of the domain, away from the wall, all point in the same direction, and numerical solutions are only used near the domain wall, where the magnetization is changing rapidly.
There are a number of microscopy methods that can be used to visualize the magnetization at the surface of a magnetic material, revealing the magnetic domains. Each method has a different application because not all domains are the same. In magnetic materials, domains can be circular, square, irregular, elongated, and striped, all of which have varied sizes and dimensions.
Large domains, within the range of 25-100 micrometers can be easily seen by Kerr microscopy, which uses the magneto-optic Kerr effect, which is the rotation of the polarization of light reflected from a magnetized surface.
Lorentz microscopy is a transmission electron microscopy technique used to study magnetic domain structures at very high resolution. Off-axis electron holography is a related technique used to observe magnetic structures by detecting nanoscale magnetic fields.
Another technique for viewing sub-microscopic domain structures down to a scale of a few nanometers is magnetic force microscopy. MFM is a form of atomic force microscopy that uses a magnetically coated probe tip to scan the sample surface.
Bitter patterns are a technique for imaging magnetic domains that were first observed by Francis Bitter. The technique involves placing a small quantity of ferrofluid on the surface of a ferromagnetic material. The ferrofluid arranges itself along magnetic domain walls, which have higher magnetic flux than the regions of the material located within domains.
A modified Bitter technique has been incorporated into a widely used device, the Large Area Domain Viewer, which is particularly useful in the examination of grain-oriented silicon steels.

The Nakayama Grand Jump (中山グランドジャンプ) is a Japanese horse racing steeplechase, held at Nakayama Racecourse every year in mid-April. It is for thoroughbreds, four years old and older, run at a distance of 4250m (2 5/8 miles + 84 feet).
With a purse of over ¥150 million (Approx. US$1.5 million) for its 2008 inception, the Nakayama Grand Jump is one of the richest steeplechase races in the world.
The race, held as "Nakayama Daishogai spring" until 1998, was first run in 1999.
Its distance was 4100m until 2000.
It is one of two Grade I steeplechase races on Japanese turf; the other is the Nakayama Daishogai, which uses the same racecourse under a slightly different configuration.
The race is run on Nakayama's steeplechase course, which follows a twisted path on the racecourse interior over a series of jumps, inclines and declines. The dirt course is also crossed several times. On the final lap, with about 1200 m (3/4 mile) remaining, horses enter the outer turf course along the backstretch for the race's final three jumps.
The race has been won five times by overseas runners: St Steven (New Zealand 2002), Karasi (Australia 2005, 2006, 2006) and Blackstairmountain (Ireland 2013).



Movie poster for "February (2003 film)," directed by Yuthlert Sippapak

The township of Stenhouse Bay is at the western tip of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia. It was named after Andrew Stenhouse, who in the 1920s had a business called the Permascite Manufacturing Company. He helped start the gypsum industry in this location.
The Waratah Gypsum Company had works here for the quarrying and exporting of rock gypsum. Gypsum after being washed, roasted and ground, was used in the manufacturing of plaster of paris and cement. The quality of the gypsum in this area was exceptionally high class and most of Australia's needs were supplied from here.
The Waratah Gypsum Company closed its works and the town was sold to the South Australian Government which demolished the town except for the few houses required for the rangers of the National Parks and Wildlife Organization who look after Innes National Park.
After almost 60 years, the shop at Stenhouse Bay, trading in recent years as Innes Park Trading Post and Rhino’s Tavern, was demolished before Christmas in 2013. 
The iconic trading post and tavern was closed and fenced off just before the peak Christmas period. Park visitors must now travel 5km out of the park back to Marion Bay for fuel, camping goods and a restaurant meal. The closure meant the department lost between $30,000 and $50,000 in annual lease revenue.

Beyond the Pale is the second studio album by singer Fiona, released in 1986 through Atlantic Records and reissued in 2004 through Wounded Bird Records.

John Holman (November 9, 1918 – 1975) was an American NASCAR owner. He is most famous for his co-ownership of two time NASCAR championship team Holman Moody with Ralph Moody.
He was born in Nashville, Tennessee. After the start of World War II, Holman began a career as a tool and die maker and as a shipyard worker. After the war, he became a trucker. He assembled a Mack truck between shipments. He was hired in 1952 by Clay Smith and Bill Stroppe to drive their parts truck to each leg of the 1952 Mexican Road Race, and to stay ahead of the racing team. The team won the race, and they hired Holman as a full-time mechanic and parts man after the race to work in their Long Beach, California shop. Smith was killed in a racing accident at DuQuoin, Illinois in 1954, and Stroppe took over. Holman continued to work for him until 1956. Holman was hired by Ford Motor Company to run their factory shop in Charlotte.
Ralph Moody was the mechanic, manager, and star driver of 1925 Indianapolis 500 winner Pete DePaolo's Ford factory-sponsored stockcar racing facility in Charlotte, North Carolina. The drivers formed a partnership after the American Manufacturers' Association banned Ford's factory partication in stockcar racing in June 1957. The move unemployed both men. They decided to pool their resources, and formed Holman-Moody. The team became one of the winningest team in NASCAR history, after racking up 92 wins and two championships before Holman sold his interests to Moody.
Ironically, Holman-Moody bought out Bill Stroppe in 1965 and the Long Beach facility at 2190 Temple Ave. became Holman-Moody-Stroppe.
Holman died of a heart attack in 1975 while testing a new intercooler. 

Spiegel is a surname of German origin. In German language Spiegel means mirror.
Spiegel is an ancient German Christian surname. Family tradition says it was taken from a town or lake named Spiegel. There is a small community south of Munich named Spiegel. The name Spiegel goes back to at least the 12th century, when the Spiegel family were barons of Desenburg and Peckelsheim in Hessen; one noted person was Heinrich III Spiegel zum Desenberg (1361-80), Bishop of Paderborn. 
There are also a significant number of Jewish people with the surname, and it is said that this name originated from a house sign in the Frankfurt am Main ("Judengasse") picturing a mirror. The form "Spiegel" is documented in Frankfurt am Main since the 16th century. Variants are "Szpiegel, Schpiegel, Shpi(e)gel, Şpighel", etc. Family lore, as told by the family of Joseph Spiegel scion of the Spiegel Family of catalogue fame, says that the family name in Germany had been Meyer. Big Meyer, bought a large mirror for the house. When he got it home, it was too big to fit. So, it was leaned against a nearby tree. When people came into the valley, the sun reflected off the mirror. The house became known as the Spiegel house. The family adopted the name.

James Cowan (17 October 1868 – 12 December 1918) was a Scottish football player and manager.
Born in Jamestown, Dunbartonshire, Cowan was a Scottish international half-back who played with local sides Renton and Vale of Leven before moving to England in 1888 to play for the Warwickshire County FC. The following season, he wished to pursue a professional career and joined Aston Villa and spent 14 years with the Birmingham side. When Cowan played for the club in the 1890s and early 1900s, they were the giants of the Football League. While at Villa, he won five First Division titles and two FA Cup winners medals. In all he played 354 times for Aston Villa and is considered to be one of the finest players of the Victorian era. He was renowned for his speed. On one occasion he missed a Villa match due to his attending (and winning) the illustrious 100 yard New Year Sprint event held at Powderhall. The club fined him but he still made a healthy profit due to the prize money!
After retiring from playing in 1902, he coached the young players at Villa for a few years before deciding to accept the role of manager of Queens Park Rangers in 1907. QPR had just moved to a new ground designed By Archibald Leitch at Park Royal and Cowan was the club's first official manager. In his initial season he led them to the Southern League title and held Manchester United to a fine 1-1 draw in the Charity Shield.
Four years later he led QPR to another Southern League title. Off-the-field problems however prevented him from leading the club into the Football League. Prior to the start of the 1913/14 season he offered his resignation on the grounds of ill health which the directors accepted. He died at St Bartholomew's Hospital, London, in December 1918.

Cahuilla traditional narratives include myths, legends, tales, and oral histories preserved by the Cahuilla people of the Colorado Desert and Peninsular Ranges of southern California.
Cahuilla oral literature has much in common with the traditions of the other Takic-speaking groups of southern California and with the Yumans of southern California, western Arizona, and northern Baja California. ("See also" Traditional narratives (Native California).)

The Plague (also known as Clive Barker's The Plague) is a 2006 horror film directed by Hal Masonberg and written by Masonberg and Teal Minton. It was produced by Clive Barker.
In 1983, simultaneously one day all of the world's children under the age of nine fall into a catatonic state. For the next ten years, every child who is born, is born in a state of catatonia. During this state, the children experience seizures twice a day and seem to develop superhuman strength. By 1993, all the children wake up, hellbent on killing all adults. Things get even worse when the adults realize the children have a sort of collective brain—what one learns, they all learn. The children get smarter by the hour, first they dismantle the engines in almost every car and set up road blocks to stop the adults from escaping. Then they learn how to use firearms. The children also take the souls of the ones they kill as a part of deliverance. The adults must find a way to stop them before it's too late.
The Region 1 DVD was released September 5, 2006. In addition to this release, there is also an unreleased cut of the film known as "The Plague: Writer's & Director's Cut".
Bloody Disgusting rated it 3/5 stars and wrote, "But even as the premise of The Plague continues to titillate and intrigue, the film can’t quite deliver on its promise, rendering it slightly entertaining and ultimately forgettable." Steve Barton of Dread Central rated it 2/5 stars and wrote, "Clive Barker may have in some way produced this mess and lent his name to it, but rest assured there’s nothing Barker-esque about it. All that's here is a giant missed opportunity which — pardon the really bad, yet fitting pun — you should avoid like the plague." Scott Weinberg of DVD Talk rated it 2.5/5 stars and wrote that it does not live up the premise, instead "devolving into yet another (and very stale) zombie-type chase thriller". David Johnson of DVD Verdict wrote, ""The Plague" is an inscrutable movie that starts out strong, but loses forward momentum, eventually grinding to an awkward halt."


"If You Want To Sing Out, Sing Out" is a popular song by Cat Stevens. It first appeared in the 1971 film "Harold and Maude".
Stevens wrote all the songs in "Harold and Maude" in 1970-1971, during the time he was writing and recording his "Tea for the Tillerman" album. However, "If You Want to Sing Out, Sing Out" and two other songs from that period were not released as singles nor placed on any album at that time. No official soundtrack was released from the film at that time. The song was finally released later on Stevens' 1984 album, "" along with his other previously unreleased songs. In addition, it appeared on the UK edition of his 2003 album "The Very Best of Cat Stevens".
The first official soundtrack album to the film was released in December 2007, by Vinyl Films Records, as a vinyl-only limited edition release of 2500 copies. It contained a 30-page oral history of the making of the film, the most extensive series of interviews yet conducted on "Harold and Maude".
The song features prominently in Hal Ashby's "Harold and Maude".
In 2007, a rendition of "Sing Out" appeared in the film "Charlie Bartlett".
The song is featured in the TV shows "My Name Is Earl" and "Ray Donovan".
It was featured as the 2nd song of Rodney Mullen's skateboarding part in the Plan B video, "Questionable".
The song is also the theme to the BBC Radio sitcom "North by Northamptonshire".
As of fall 2016, the song appears in a commercial for the 2017 Jeep Grand Cherokee.

Films made by Horizon Pictures

The Highlands Natural Pool is in Ringwood, New Jersey, United States. This swimming pool is located in the Wyanokie Highlands adjacent to the Norvin Green State Forest. The pool is a stream-fed non-chemically-treated swimming pond with stone retaining walls and a safe children’s area. Annual memberships and daily visitors passes are available to the general public.
In 1921, Camp Midvale was founded as a haven for working people seeking refuge, recreation, community, and nature by a group of outdoor enthusiasts called the Nature Friends (Naturfreunde). In 1935, Nature Friends volunteers carved the present swimming pool out of the hillside by hand. 
In 1974, the Metropolitan Recreation Association, a successor group of the Nature Friends, donated the Camp Midvale property to the Ethical Culture Society, because they were unable to financially maintain it, and most of the wooded area of over was placed under the New Jersey Green Acres program, to be preserved from development in perpetuity. 
Ethical Culture members Walter and May Weis endowed money to the remaining developed part of the property in order to realize their dream of preserving land for the purpose of environmental education. Thus the Weis Ecology Center (WEC), a private, non-profit organization, was created to offer the public a unique opportunity to learn about the Northern New Jersey Highlands Region. 
The WEC was then taken over by the New Jersey Audubon Society who closed the pool in 1994. 
In 1995, New Jersey Audubon agreed to allow the community to open the pool and in 1996, The Community Association of the Highlands incorporated, reopening the site as the Highlands Natural Pool. In 1998, NJAS/WEC formally donated the pool to the community. 

The Hawala scandal or hawala scam was an Indian political scandal involving payments allegedly sent by politicians (black money) through four hawala brokers, the Jain brothers. It was a US$18 million bribery scandal that implicated some of the country's leading politicians.
In 1991, an arrest linked to militants in Kashmir led to a raid on hawala brokers, revealing evidence of large-scale payments to national politicians. Those accused included L. K. Advani, V. C. Shukla, P. Shiv Shankar, Sharad Yadav, Balram Jakhar, and Madan Lal Khurana. The prosecution that followed was partly prompted by a public interest petition (see Vineet Narain), and yet the court cases of the Hawala scandal eventually all collapsed without convictions. Many were acquitted in 1997 and 1998, partly because the hawala records (including diaries) were judged in court to be inadequate as the main evidence. The Central Bureau of Investigation's role was criticised. In concluding the Vineet Narain case, the Supreme Court of India directed that the Central Vigilance Commission should be given a supervisory role over the CBI.
The Jain Hawala story was broken by two Delhi-based journalists Ram Bahadur Rai and Rajesh Joshi, working for the Hindi daily Jansatta. Then Vineet Narain, the journalist filed a public interest litigation in the Supreme court of India.


The Association of Science-Technology Centers (ASTC) is a non-profit, global organization based in Washington, D.C., United States that provides a collective voice, professional support, and programming opportunities for science centers, museums, and related institutions. Through strategic alliances and global partnerships, ASTC's goal is to increase awareness of the valuable contributions its members make to their communities and the field of informal STEM learning.
Founded in 1973, ASTC now represents approximately 650 members in nearly 50 countries, including not only science centers and museums, but also nature centers, aquariums, planetariums, zoos, botanical gardens, and natural history and children’s museums, as well as companies, consultants, and other organizations that share an interest in informal science education.
Science centers connect people with science, give science a presence in the community and offer people of all ages and backgrounds the opportunity to ask questions, discuss, and explore.
Science centers provide firsthand experience and an opportunity to develop intuitions about the natural world. In science centers, hands-on activities may include things such as feeling infrared radiation and experiencing angular momentum—so when they encounter these concepts in other settings, they’ll be likelier to understand. Many schools rely on science centers for memorable field trips and auditorium programs, hands-on curriculum, science kits, and teacher training.
Science centers also encourage curiosity. In the words of Frank Oppenheimer, founder of San Francisco's Exploratorium, “No one flunks a museum.” For some, the interests awakened by science center experiences have turned into a passion for science, and the beginning of a lifetime devoted to teaching or research.
ASTC’s goal is to support these efforts of science centers and museums, in addition to their staff, visitors, and communities.
Some ASTC member institutions also participate in ASTC’s Passport Program. The Passport Program allows members of a participating institution to visit other participating institutions for free, provided the member is visiting an institution more than 90 miles from their home institution. More than 300 institutions in over a dozen countries are currently participating in the Passport Program.
Each year, nearly 2,000 individuals representing science centers and museums from across the world, informal science educators, and companies collaborating with the museum field gather for ASTC’s Annual Conference.
ASTC provides professional development opportunities for those who work in science centers and other institutions of informal learning. ASTC’s professional development services include:
Communities of Practice (CoP) provide informal science education professionals the infrastructure they need to meet the field's challenges from the ground up. ASTC provides CoPs with resources and support for connecting with colleagues, convening meetings, and organizing workshops, among other activities. The current CoPs include:
Coming Soon: Museum Screens
Since 1974, ASTC Exhibition Services has supported excellence and innovation in science exhibitions through collaborations with science centers and other organizations worldwide. They work with partners to support sharing of knowledge and experience, and assist with planning, marketing, and management of traveling exhibitions.
ASTC Connect is a learning and resource-sharing area for the informal science education community. Discussion forums, online workshops, and self-paced tutorials are hosted in collaboration with partners from throughout the field.
The YOUmedia Network is a group of libraries, museums and community-based organizations that invite young people to create, learn, and build skills with traditional and 21st century digital tools. There are currently 24 Learning Lab sites operating across the country with programs that are driven by youth interests and connect learning directly back to school, careers, and other realms.
The Youth Inspired Challenge is a 3-year initiative designed to expand the impact of science centers and museums to assist the youth around the world to become the innovative and creative thinkers needed for the 21st century workforce. This program was inspired by President Obama and other world leaders’ commitment to strengthening the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics knowledge of today’s youth. To date, more than 100 science centers have joined the challenge.
Girls RISEnet, a partnership between the Miami Science Museum, the Association of Science-Technology Centers, and SECME, Inc., is strengthening the professional capacity of informal science educators to engage and motivate minority girls in grades 6-12 to explore and pursue science and engineering careers.
ExhibitFiles is an online community of exhibit practitioners building a shared collection of exhibition records and reviews. It's a place to connect with colleagues, find out about exhibits, and share your own experiences. ExhibitFiles was developed to preserve and share experiences and materials that are often unrecorded, temporary, and hard to locate. Visitors to the site can also search for, and post exhibitions rentals and sales.
ASTC and the National Writing Project (NWP) received a grant from the National Science Foundation to design a program that will integrate science and literacy. Through this program, ten partnerships will be created between NWP sites and ASTC-member science centers and museums to develop innovative programs for educators and youth.
ASTC publishes a bimonthly magazine titled "Dimensions". The magazine features in-depth analysis of news and trends in the science center and museum field, in addition to articles about noteworthy events and resources. "Dimensions" readers include directors and staff of ASTC-member institutions around the world, as well as those with an interest in informal science education.
ASTC's Legislative Action Center is an easy, online advocacy tool to help the public stay informed of important public policy developments and provide opportunities to get involved in advocacy efforts on behalf of the museum and informal science education fields.
ASTC is home to the Center for Advancement of Informal Science Education (CAISE). CAISE's charge is to strengthen and connect the informal science education (ISE) community by creating and disseminating resources, as well as catalyzing conversation and collaboration across the ISE field—including film and broadcast media, science centers and museums, zoos and aquariums, botanical gardens and nature centers, digital media and gaming, science journalism, and youth, community, and after-school programs. Founded in 2007 with support from the National Science Foundation (NSF) Advancing Informal STEM Learning (AISL) program, CAISE is a partnership among ASTC and Co-Principal Investigators at Oregon State University (OSU), the University of Pittsburgh Center for Learning in Out-of-School Environments (UPCLOSE), The Great Lakes Science Center and KQED San Francisco. CAISE manages the InformalScience.org website, which is a growing repository of project descriptions, evaluation reports and tools, and research papers and products that are collected and curated to provide informal STEM Learning practitioners with knowledge that can be used when developing new work and seeking potential collaborators.

Cairine Reay Mackay Wilson (February 4, 1885 – March 3, 1962) was Canada's first female senator.
Born Cairine Reay Mackay in Montreal, she was the daughter of Jane Mackay and Robert Mackay, a Liberal Senator and personal friend of Sir Wilfrid Laurier. In 1909, she married Norman Wilson, the Liberal Member of Parliament for Russell and they moved to Cumberland, Ontario to begin a family. In 1918, the Wilsons moved to Ottawa, where Cairine performed extensive volunteer work. She helped found the Twentieth Century Liberal Association and the National Federation of Liberal Women of Canada, of which she was President from 1938 to 1948.
Wilson was appointed the first female senator of the country at the age of 45 in February 1930 by the government of Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King, just four months after the Persons Case judgment was handed down by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Previously, women had not been allowed to serve in the Senate as lower courts had ruled they were not full "persons" under the law.
As president of the League of Nations Society of Canada in 1938, Senator Wilson spoke out against the Munich Agreement's appeasement of Hitler. During the Second World War, the government of William Lyon Mackenzie King was resistant to permitting Jewish refugees from Germany to settle in Canada, but she was able to arrange the acceptance of 100 orphans.
In 1949, at the request of King's successor Louis St. Laurent, Wilson became Canada's first female delegate to the United Nations General Assembly. She was the chairman of the Canadian National Committee on Refugees and the first woman to chair Senate Standing Committee (Immigration and Labour). She was given the Cross of the Knight of the Legion of Honour by France in 1950 for her work with child refugees.
Wilson again made parliamentary history in 1955 when she became the first woman Deputy Speaker of the Canadian Senate.
Her husband Norman, who had been in failing health for some time, died on July 14, 1956; they were the parents of eight children.
Cairine Wilson died suddenly of a heart attack on Saturday, March 3, 1962.
A secondary school in Orleans, Ontario is named for Wilson.

Lindsay Dianne Benko (born November 29, 1976), also known by her married name as Lindsay Mintenko, is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic gold medalist, and former world record-holder. She represented the United States at the 2000 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics. She held the short-course world record in the 400-meter freestyle (at 3:59.53) for nearly three years from January 2003 to December 2005.
Benko attended the Stanley Clark School in South Bend, Indiana, for her elementary education. Upon graduating from Stanley Clark, she attended Elkhart Central High School in Elkhart, Indiana, where she was "the first swimmer in IHSAA history to sweep two individual events all four years while piling up All-American honors."
At the 2000 Olympics, Benko was a member of the USA's gold-medal-winning 4×200-meter freestyle relay. Four years later, at the 2004 Olympics, she earned gold swimming in the heats of the 4×200 m freestyle relay and silver swimming the heats of the 4×100-meter freestyle relay.
In 2005, Benko married Canadian swimmer Mike Mintenko. She uses her married name professionally. She previously worked for USA Swimming as the national team managing director. In 2017, she became the first woman to lead USA Swimming’s National Team Division.
<br>
<br>

Atan Burhagohain (Assamese: আতন বৰগোহাঁই ) was one of the most influential Burhagohains in the nearly 600 years of the Ahom kingdom. Atan Burhagohain "Rajmantri Dangaria" was the Prime Minister of Assam for more than seventeen years, from January 1662 to March 1679. During this period Assam passed through a series of crises in the form of foreign invasions and internal disruptions; and Atan Burhagohain conducted the affairs with rare foresight, probity, judgment, and patriotism. The versatile qualities of the Burhagoain, and the proof that he gave of his lofty and noble ideals, made him the darling of the people. Kings, potentates and the populace were united in showering tokens of their admiration and respect on this man of their country's destiny. Twice the crown was offered to him which he did twice refuse, saying, "It does not behove a minister to become a monarch; kingship should go to the scion of a royal family, and saintship to the descendant of a saint."
He was appointed as the Prime Minister in January 1662, at the time Garhgaon was occupied by Mir Jumla. He oversaw the military resistance to the Mughal general, negotiated the Treaty of Ghilajharighat, planned the rejuvenation of the Ahom kingdom and was one of the architects of the Ahom victory at the Battle of Saraighat. He was known for his military tactics of guerrilla warfare that came to be known as "daga juddha", and also for his statesmanship and wise counsel. He was appointed the "Rajmantri Dangaria" (Prime Minister) by the Ahom king Chakradhwaj Singha, and in the turmoil following the excesses of Debera Borbarua, he was offered the Ahom throne itself, which he refused. Despite his wisdom and keen political sense, he was unable to see through the treachery of Laluk Sola Borphukan, and was murdered by the Borphukan's henchmen in 1679.
According to the Buranjis, the Burhagohain was tall in stature and his strides resembled that of a goose. His face was broad, and he had two moles on the forehead. He was ruddy in complexion. He wore a buffalo-coloured "gati" or a cloth tightly wrapped round the body with two ends made into a knot near the waist and he carried a big hengdang or sword. Since he belonged to the "Bahgaria" clan, he is generally referred to as Bahgaria Atan Burhagohain.
Atan Burhagohain was one of the key people in the victory of the Assamese in the Battle of Saraighat. The Prime Minister was personally in charge of the command of the northern division of the Ahom army on the north bank of Guwahati. His camp was situated at Lathia Parvat, and he had with him 80 "chor-bachas" or commando soldiers in his "Pali" (meaning a unit of command under a commander in Assamese).
From his base at Lathia fort, he initiated a campaign of guerrilla attacks on the Mughals, employing many well known commandos: Lai, Lechai, Chili, Mabi, Mari, Achor, Tunai, Baduli, and other spies who entered the enemy's camps at night and removed their treasures, money and disabled their arms.
Atan Burhagohain was also a highly skilled military engineer and after the occupation of Gauhati, he was directed by the King to oversee the construction of the necessary fortifications on both banks of Brahmaputra. Before the final Saraighat battle, on seeing the fortification and preparation of the Ahom army, Raja Ram Singha commented to his lieutenant Rashid Khan:
This conversation was communicated to the Ahoms by a traveller named Hangalbhanga Laskar. On hearing this, the Premier Atan Burhagohain promulgated this message to the army:
Atan Burhagohain was not only a highly trained soldier, he was also an able administrator and astute statesman. Immediately upon ascending the throne, King Chakradhwaj Singha was impatient and contemplated immediate attack on the Mughal forces. He pleaded with the King that such attack would be suicidal, that first they should properly train the army, build the armory, stock food provisions and other war material, as the hostilities may continue for a number of years. He addressed the king and his councillors on this occasion:
He said, “"sakalo dravyat thaki chaul kotha he prodhan"” ("rice is the most indispensable and important of all the items"). Long before Napoleon stated that "an Army marches on its stomach" Atan Burhagohain had realised this and convinced his king to make necessary preparations.
Atan Burhagohain further pleaded,
Atan Burhagohain also advised to have the boatsmen and oarsmen trained:
The counsel of Prime Minister Atan Burhagohain roused the monarch to a consciousness of the realities of the situation, and extensive preparation was made for two years before the onslaught on the Mughals.
After the reoccupation of Gauhati by the Ahoms, Atan Burhagohain was appointed by the king to erect the necessary fortifications on both banks of Brahmaputra, strengthen them, stock them with provisions and men. Lachit Borphukan was asked to post a contingent of soldiers at each strategic point under an able commander. Under the Premier's supervision, the civil administration of Kamrup was reorganised on sound footing, and Chaudhuris and Patwaries were appointed to realise the stipulated "jaigiri-dhan" or land revenue. The administration of the parganas of Kamrup was vested under various senior officers: Barphukan (Darang, Barbhag and Bangeswar), Paniphukan (Khata and Banbhag), Duara Phukan (Pubpar and Paschimpar), Deka Phukan (Sarubangsar and Kachari-mahal), Chetia Phukan (Ramsa and Sarukhetri), Dayangia Rajkhowa (Bar Khetri), Tar-Salagarua Rajkhowa (Barhanti), Dikhowmukhia Rajkhowa (Chamaria), Pani-Salaguria Rajkhowa (Nagarberha), Pani-Dihingia Rajkhowa (Bagaribari), Tarua-Dihingia Rajkhowa (Barpeta), Namdangia Rajkhowa (Barnagar), Pani-Abhoypuria Rajkhowa (Bajali), Bar-Abhoypuria Rajkhowa (Bekeli) and Saru-Abhoypuria Rajkhowa (Bausi).
During the war, Raja Ram Singha asked his envoy Panditrai:
To this Panditrai replied,
Ram Singha commented, "It is really wonderful that a man can be so intelligent at this tender age." Panditrai added, "The Burhagohain is also an arch-diplomat." Ram Singha concluded, "Who will be able to cope with such a minister when he comes to years? Pride should be the heritage of that land where such a counsellor has taken his birth."

Heart Like a Gun is the third studio album by singer Fiona, released in 1989 through Atlantic Records. It reached #150 on the "Billboard" 200 chart in 1990 and remained charted for sixteen weeks. The album features singer/bassist Kip Winger and drummer Rod Morgenstein from the band Winger, with Kip dueting with Fiona on "Everything You Do (You're Sexing Me)".

Earl Fitzwilliam's private railway near Rotherham, South Yorkshire, was constructed in order to link the Earl's coal interests to the southeast of his Wentworth estate with the Greasbrough Canal, also owned by his estate, which gave an outlet to the River Dun (Don) Navigation. 
This was not the first connection between the coal pits, at that time owned by the Marquess of Rockingham, and the canal, for in the middle years of the 18th century, a wagonway had been built to link the Bassingthorpe pits to the newly opened "Rotherham Cut" of the River Dun Navigation. The Greasbrough Canal, connecting to the navigation on the boundaries of Rotherham and Parkgate, was opened in 1780 to serve the Marquess's interests, and the wagonways from his coal pits at Bassingthorpe were diverted to the canal head. Two years later, the Marquess died, and the estate passed to his nephew, Earl Fitzwilliam.
The Earl owned coal pits at High Stubbin and Swallow Wood, and these pits were, from the early 19th century, joined by a wagonway to the Greasbrough Canal. In 1839, the Sheffield and Rotherham Railway opened a branch from its main line at Holmes, which had been opened the previous year, to join with the Earl's railway at Parkgate. This line ran alongside the construction works of the North Midland Railway before joining the canal bank. This connection broke the near monopoly of the Duke of Norfolk's estate in supplying coal to the developing industries of the city and gave the Earl's coal a competitive edge in the marketplace. 
In 1840, the estate bought a six-coupled steam locomotive for use on the line, and to accommodate this, the wagonway was rebuilt.
A connection was made from the North Midland Railway to the Earl's line, which rendered the branch from Holmes redundant. This connection was closed in 1977, a year before New Stubbin Colliery itself. The Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway constructed a line from Rotherham Road alongside the canal and below the North Midland line to reach the canal head. The line opened in 1873, and the agreement between the Earl's Colliery Company and the M.S.& L. terminated on 31 December 1978 when the line closed. 
In 1915 Viscount Halifax invested heavily into improvement of the rail line.
The line can be divided into two sections, both originally rope-worked. The lower section serving New Stubbin Colliery, sunk between 1913 and 1915, changed to locomotive working.
Its last steam locomotives were two examples built by Hudswell Clarke & Co. of Leeds: No. 34, an outside cylinder, six-coupled side tank locomotive, works No.1523, built in 1925 and delivered new to the Appleby-Frodingham Steel Company in Scunthorpe, which came to the line in the 1950s; and No. 37, an outside cylinder, six-coupled saddle tank. They worked until the mid-1960s, when the line became fully dieselised, Hudswell Clarke again supplying the power.

Gottfried Honegger (12 June 1917 – 17 January 2016) was a Swiss artist and graphic designer. He was married to the Swiss illustrator Warja Lavater. He studied shop-window display at the Zurich Kunstgewerbeschule and taught there from 1948. His early work was commercial graphic design. 
From 1955-1958 he was art director at Geigy. 
He lived in New York City between 1958 and 1960, and held his first exhibition there.
In 1961 he moved to Paris and concentrated on painting, which concentrated on exacting explorations of circles and squares, and (from 1968), sculpture. 
Honegger also spent time in Dallas, Texas as the artist in residence at the University of Dallas. Honegger died at his home in Zürich, Switzerland from a short-illness on 17 January 2016, aged 98.

Carn Dearg (Gaelic for "red cairn") is the name of several mountains in Scotland:



Lucy Chao or Zhao Luorui (; 1912–1998) was a Chinese poet and translator.
Zhao published since the early 1940s. She gained a PhD (for a dissertation on Henry James) from the University of Chicago in 1948 and returned to teach English and North American literature at Yenching University, Beijing. She was married to Chen Mengjia, an archaeologist and expert on oracle bones. Chen committed suicide after denunciation and persecution during the Cultural Revolution. Zhao herself was also considered an enemy of the state by Chinese officials.
She translated T. S. Eliot's "The Waste Land" (1937), Longfellow's "The Song of Hiawatha" and eventually saw a mass publication of her translation of the whole of Whitman's "Leaves of Grass" (1991). She was a co-editor of the first Chinese-language "History of European Literature" (1979).

"Window" is a science fiction story by Bob Leman, published in 1980 and reprinted numerous times. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for best short story. The influential science fiction publisher Donald A. Wollheim included the short story in "The 1981 Annual World's Best SF".
The prose is straightforward and to-the-point. The plot of the story involves the discovery of a three-dimensional window on a Victorian-style house and family. The window is created in a minor military research experiment that goes awry. The research involves studying the idea of channeling psychic powers through mnemonic words and phrases—in essence, spell casting. 
To everyone's surprise, the research works, creating what the researchers and military men at first believe to be a window into the past. The three-dimensional window cannot be penetrated. However, every fifteen hours or so, the barrier between the two worlds becomes permeable for exactly five seconds. 
In one of those moments of permeability, one of the researchers, nostalgic for the tranquil Victorian past he sees in the window, crosses over. The other researchers, left behind, are stunned, and frightened that the man who crossed over will inadvertently change the future. However, their surprise turns to horror when the youngest member of the Victorian family rushes towards the man who crossed over, leaps for his throat, and kills him. The rest of the Victorian family in the window then gorge on the remains of the researcher, devouring him utterly. 
Before the researchers know what to do, the man in the Victorian-era window takes a thick, worn, Bible-like book, chants some words, and the window vanishes. Clearly, this alternate reality knows about magic spells, and knows how to use them.

Squeeze is the fourth studio album by singer Fiona, released in 1992 through Geffen Records.

"Trouble" is a song written by the English singer-songwriter and musician, Cat Stevens, during a period from 1969 to 1970. 
Stevens was recovering during what amounted to nearly a year of convalescence, after being diagnosed with a collapsed lung and tuberculosis. He spent three months in King Edward VII Hospital, Midhurst, England, transferring afterward to another nine months of bedrest at home. Stevens, who was near death at the time he was admitted in the hospital, used the time he was recuperating for contemplation, and wrote dozens of songs, including "Trouble", many of which were recorded much later. 
When he was hospitalized, Stevens was often alone in a very spare and plain room. He was told that at the time he was admitted, he had perhaps only a few weeks of life left in him. The effect on the 19-year-old pop star was pronounced. He said, "To go from the show business environment and find you are in hospital, getting injections day in and day out, and people around you are dying, it certainly changes your perspective. I got down to thinking about myself. It seemed almost as if I had my eyes shut." The song itself shows Stevens switching from heavily orchestrated pop music to a folk-rock emphasis.
While recovering, Stevens donated his spare time, and some of his newer, more introspective songs for Colin Higgins and Hal Ashby's 1970 film soundtrack of "Harold and Maude". Most of the tunes used for the movie appear on Stevens's next albums, "Mona Bone Jakon" and "Tea for the Tillerman", with the exception of two songs which were not released until the release of the album "" in 1984, "If You Want to Sing Out, Sing Out" and "Don't Be Shy".
In "Harold and Maude" the song "Trouble" is used in the scene of Maude's impending death, with her devoted young lover heartbroken over the turn of events. 

Chemehuevi traditional narratives include myths, legends, tales, and oral histories preserved by the Chemehuevi people of the Mojave Desert and Colorado River of southeastern California and western Arizona.
Chemehuevi oral literature is known primarily through the writings of Carobeth Laird, based on the testimony of her Chemehuevi husband, George Laird. These narratives show their closest links with the traditional narratives of the Great Basin peoples and of the Chemehuevi's linguistic kinsmen the Southern Paiute in particular. ("See also" Traditional narratives (Native California).)

Lynette May "Lyn" Foreman (née Young; born 5 March 1957) is a former champion hurdler who competed for Western Australia and Australia from 1979 to 1982. She was the national 400m hurdles champion three times between 1979 and 1981.
In the IAAF World Championships event in 1980, Young-Foreman made the final of the 400m hurdles, finishing 7th with continuing good form for the next two seasons. At the 1982 Commonwealth Games, she ran as the nominal favourite but was beaten by rising star Debbie Flintoff, who set a personal best and new Commonwealth Record to win a gold medal at her international debut. 
Forman qualified for the 800m in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul and in 2000 was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for "Outstanding service as an international athlete and since as a coach and team official".
Currently she is an elite Level 5 coach and the head track coach at the Western Australian Institute of Sport.
Foreman was married to ABC commentator and sports administrator Wally Foreman until his death in 2006. They have two children.

Caquetoire
Concept Sketch, S. D. 2006

These are lists of people from Quebec by region.

February ( or "Khumphaphan") is a 2003 Thai romance-drama film, written and directed by Yuthlert Sippapak. The plot involves a young Thai woman with a terminal illness who goes to New York City to live her final months, is hit by a car and then develops amnesia, forgetting that she's in need of medical care.

The Urban Bioscope, also known as the Warwick Bioscope was a film projector developed by Walter Isaacs in 1897 for Charles Urban of the Warwick Trading Company. The projector used a beater movement. It has two names because it was created by Charles Urban and Walter Isaacs. It was a 35mm fast-pull-down-beater-movement machine allegedly based on Georges Demenÿ patents. In 1897, Urban joined Warwick Trading in the UK. At that time he brought with him the Bioscope from America for resale. Earlier versions of the scope projected both slides and films. These versions came with a "spoolbank" attachment that made it possible for very short films to be repeated without pause.
Luke McKernan, "Charles Urban: Pioneering the Non-Fiction Film in Britain and America, 1897-1925" (Exeter: University of Exeter Press, 2013), 

Dennis L. Meehan (June 5, 1889 – March 31, 1920) was the leader of the White Hand Gang in the 1910s. Dinny Meehan was described by the police as "the most desperate gang leader in Brooklyn." 
Born in Brooklyn, Meehan apparently joined the White Hand Gang in his late teens. In 1912, he was arrested for shooting and killing Chris Maroney, who led a faction of White Handers from the Navy Yard section of Brooklyn. After a sensational trial, Meehan was acquitted, adding to his criminal reputation. Over the years he had served time in the Elmira Reformatory, Blackwell's Island, and the City Workhouse. Dinny often boasted that he would never see the inside of a state penitentiary. 
Unlike some crime bosses, Dinny Meehan often joined his men on criminal jobs. By 1920, there were a total of three cases pending against him; he was out of jail on a $5,000 bond for robbing a man on Fifth Avenue, leading his men in the hijacking of a truckload of shoes worth $10,000, and overseeing the theft of $10,000 worth of silk from a Red Hook warehouse.
On the afternoon of March 31, 1920, Dinny Meehan and his wife Sadie were asleep in bed at their apartment at 452 Warren Street in Red Hook. Their four-year-old son played in the living room while Sadie's mother, Rose Leighton, dozed in a recliner. Neither of them knew that five strange men were in the apartment until the last second. As the men made for the bedroom, the young boy admonished them not to wake his parents. The leader of the group playfully patted the youngster's head and said they just wanted to look in. A total of five shots were fired; one passed through Dinny Meehan's head and then lodged in the shoulder of his wife, who later recovered from her wounds. The gunmen dashed from the building and made their escape in an automobile truck. 
Meehan's murder has been traditionally thought to have been arranged by Brooklyn Black Hand boss Frankie Yale and carried out by Yale's underboss, Augie Pisano, and two hitmen from Cleveland, Ralph DeSarno and Giovanni Sciacca. At the time of the killing, however, police believed that a possible motive was the gang leader's role in supplying strikebreakers to take the places of employees of the United Fruit Company on piers along the Hudson and East Rivers. These employees had recently walked out when their demands for higher wages were turned down. The arrest of a Frank Madden, an associate of the International Longshoremen's Association Local 856 and his subsequent plea of Not Guilty for the charge of Meehan's murder confirms this. It was also rumored that there was internal strife in the White Hand Gang. Just before his murder, Meehan was acquitted in a robbery case while one of his henchman, Edward Gilchrist, was convicted. Dinny was said to have "double-crossed" Gilchrist, causing resentment within his gang. Sadie Meehan told police in November 1923 that her husband's killer was, in fact, Wild Bill Lovett, head of the arch-rival Jay Street Gang. Meehan's murder has remained officially unsolved.
4. Loingsigh, Eamon (2014) "Light of the Diddicoy," ThreeRoomsPress

Zhang Xinxin (), (Nanjing, 1953) is a female Chinese writer. She is best known in the west for her book, co-authored with Sang Ye (桑晔), of 100 interviews with ordinary citizens, published as "Chinese Profiles" (Beijing 1986), and revised as "Chinese Lives" (1988). Zhang Xinxin grew up in Beijing. In the early 1980s she trained in theatre directing at the Central Drama Academy, Beijing. The fiction she published in the 1980s earned her both acclaim and criticism. Since then she has written several novels, short stories and poems, and works of non-fiction (essays, commentaries, news reports and scenarios), as well as film, TV and radio work (directing, presenting and scriptwriting). Her key works include:
Novels
Novellas
Short stories
Graphic novel

The Hulk Robot is a fictional robot appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character is modeled after the Hulk.
Rusty and Arthur are two Maryland Institute of Technology students who constructed the Hulk Robot to be the mascot for their school's all-star game, but Dr. Timothy Ryan considered it dangerous and wouldn't allow it. It was brought to life by cosmic energies released by the Eternals from Olympia when they emerged from the Uni-Mind. The energies granted the Hulk Robot sentience and increased its strength to rival the Hulk. It broke out of the lab and went on a rampage. When the National Guard couldn't stop the Hulk Robot, three Eternals members (Ikaris, Makkari, and Sersi) were called in. Both the Eternals and National Guard were losing until Zuras entered the fray. When it charged Zuras, cosmic energies leaked and it was rendered inert.
Later on, Doctor Doom found the Hulk Robot and dismantled and rebuilt it to serve him. He sent it to fight the Thing who thought it was the real Hulk after taking out the Grey Hulk. When Thing discovered it wasn't the real Hulk during battle, he tore it apart.
During the "Acts of Vengeance" event, Doctor Doom gave Jester II the Hulk Robot's parts and Jester rebuilt it (with the addition of humorous weapons in its arsenal) as a member of the Assembly of Evil. During the Avengers' press conference, the Hulk Robot attacked She-Hulk and had her on the ropes until Wasp attacked the Jester's remote control causing the Hulk Robot to go haywire. She-Hulk destroyed it by flinging it into an energy blast fired by Fenris.
The Hulk Robot (or the non-operating version) was seen in a museum the Eternals kept in Olympia which held reminders of foes and their weapons. Zuras displayed the robot to Joey Eliot.
During the "Fall of the Hulks" storyline, the Leader (alongside the other Intelligencia members) managed to obtain the Hulk Robot. The Leader used it to attack former member Doctor Doom when Skaar attacks. Doctor Doom fell victim to the Hulk Robot's "Poison Pill" when Bruce Banner arrived. The Leader then had the Hulk Robot carry away Doctor Doom.
Hulk Robot later helped MODOK and the Mad Thinker's Gammadroid subdue Red Hulk.
Red Hulk later drains the Gamma Energy from the Hulk Robot.
In a Marvel/DC crossover featuring Superman confronting the Hulk, Lex Luthor created another robot version of the Hulk to frame the Hulk for the capture of Betty Ross. After the Hulk attacked the robot, Superman was tricked into fighting the Green Goliath, resulting in Luthor attempting to kill them both with Bruce Banner's gamma gun - unaware or unconcerned that the gun could kill everybody within five hundred miles - until the two heroes put aside their differences and destroyed the gun.

Rewalsar Lake is a mid-altitude lake located on a mountain spur in the Mandi district, 22.5 km south-west from Mandi, in India. Its elevation is about 1,360 m above sea level.
The lake is shaped like a square with the shoreline of about 735 m. It is held as a sacred spot for Hindus, Sikhs and Buddhists.
There are three Buddhist monasteries at Riwalsar. The lake also has three Hindu temples dedicated to Lord Krishna, Lord Shiva and to the sage Lomas. Another holy lake, Kunt Bhyog which is about 1,750 m above sea level lies above Rewalsar. It is associated with the escape of 'Pandavas' from the burning palace of wax—an episode from the epic "Mahabharata".
It was from here that the Indian teacher and 'Tantric' Padmasambhava left for Tibet. Known to the Tibetans as 'Guru Rinpoche', the Precious Master, it was under Padmasambhava's influence that Mahayana Buddhism spread over Tibet. There are islands of floating reed on Rewalsar lake and the spirit of Padmasambhava is said to reside in them. It is here that the sage Lomas did penance in devotion to Lord Shiva, and the Sikh guru Gobind Singh (22 December 1666 – 7 October 1708), the tenth Guru of Sikhism, also resided here for one month.
The Sisu fair held in late February/early march, and the festival of Baisakhi are important events at Rewalsar.
Mandarava and Padmasambhava were energetically drawn to one another. Vihardhara, fearful of the contamination of the royal bloodline and what he perceived as Mandarava's apostasy, endeavoured to have Mandarava and Padmasambhava purified by immolation through the flames of a pyre. Instead of finding their corpses incensed and charred, Vihardhara finds that the fire of the pyre has been transformed into Lake Rewalsar, out of which arises a blooming lotus that supports the unharmed Mandarava and Padmasambhava who through this manifestation of their realisation have achieved their secret names of Vajravarahi and Hayagriva, respectively, after which Vihardhara furnishes the union with his unreserved blessings.
Legend has it that the great teacher Padmasambhava (Guru Rinpoche) used his enormous power to take flight to Tibet from Rewalsar. In Rewalsar, his spirit is said to reside in the tiny island of floating reed that drifts over the water.

Steve Early (born 7 May 1956) is a professional boxer, who fought out of Coventry, England. Early started his career in 1977 with a TKO win over Kevin Sheehan.
Early marched on to thirteen consecutive wins in three years, in November 1979 Early suffered his first professional defeat to Roger Guest in a BBBoC Midlands area Light Welterweight title bout. Early was floored in the first round and counted out by the referee. Early later returned the favor and knocked out Guest in the fourth round of their second contest in 1981.
After the loss to Guest, Early bounced back to another 7 consecutive wins, including experienced fighters like Billy Waith with 94 bouts.
In 1981, Early stepped into the ring for a final eliminator contest for the BBBoC British light-welterweight title, with one of the most talented fighters of his era, Ken Buchanan. Early beat Buchanan after a hard fought 12 rounds.
After beating Buchanan. Early eventually had the chance to take the British Light-Welterweight championship to Coventry. He stepped into the ring with champion Clinton McKenzie . After an exciting 3 rounds, McKenzie had put on the pressure and Early was saved by the referee in the fourth as in his opinion Earley was in no fit state to continue.
Yet again, over the next year, Early put another four wins and eventually retired after being defeated by Gary Night in London.

Chlamydogobius is a genus of gobies from Australia. All but one coastal species ("C. ranunculus") are found in inland waters, such as springs, pools, creeks and streams.
Most species live in extreme environments; for example, several species of "Chlamydogobius" are found in the water that emerges from geothermal springs, such as the Dalhousie goby, found in the waters around Dalhousie Springs.
These fish can live in water with a wide range of temperatures, pH, salinity, and oxygen levels; for example they are found in water with a pH between 6.8 and 9.0, and temperatures between . They can tolerate salinity as high as 60 parts per thousand (almost twice that of sea water). They have been found in water with extremely low oxygen levels (as low as 0.8 ppm). Their water habitats often exhibit oxygen levels below 5 milligrams of oxygen per litre. 
To cope with extremely low oxygen levels, they will emerge from the water to "gulp" air (known as aerial respiration). They also will position themselves over beds of algae to capture the produced oxygen. 
They will hide in the mud and silt at the bottom of a stream, or in a plant or under a rock to avoid more extreme water temperatures. Sometimes they will emerge from very hot water for brief periods to take advantage of evaporative cooling.
They can survive even if there are drought conditions that reduce the size of their habitat. If there is a flood that results in drastically increased water flow, they anchor themselves to rocks with their pelvic fins.
"Chlamydogobius" fish are able to change their colours to blend in with their environments. 
Human drilling activities in Australia have often reduced the pressure of the aquifers that feed the Australian hot springs that "Chlamydogobius" rely on, so some species are endangered.
There are currently six recognized species in this genus:

Greenfield-Central High School is a secondary school (grades 9-12) located in the city of Greenfield, Indiana. Under the management of the Greenfield-Central Community School Corporation. It had 1,363 students in 2009–2010.
The high school has television studio facilities and operates broadcast radio station WRGF. The public-access television cable TV is named GCTV.
Greenfield-Central High School is part of the Hoosier Heritage Conference. The school offers soccer, tennis, cross country, football, golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
Greenfield-Central holds one state title in football (1973). The school gained a state title in cheerleading. Two individual titles were won for wrestling (1979 Terry Edon, 2013 Joshua Farrell). Also, two state titles for indoor percussion.


Emil Benedict Zilliacus (January 11, 1921 – January 28, 2013) was a Swedish-speaking Finnish journalist, author, scriptwriter and translator.
Zilliacus was born in Helsinki, Finland. He wrote screenplays for many movies, including "Etulinjan edessä" (Beyond the Front Line), which he wrote together with Stefan Forss.
In the 1950s and 1960s, he wrote a revue for the Swedish theater "Lilla Teatern" in Helsinki every other year, or sometimes more often; the show became very popular.

The Catedral Metropolitana Basílica de San Juan Bautista, or in English, Metropolitan Cathedral Basilica of Saint John the Baptist, is the Roman Catholic cathedral of the Archdiocese of San Juan de Puerto Rico. The cathedral is one of the oldest buildings in San Juan, located in Old San Juan, and is the second oldest cathedral in the Americas. Even though the Cathedral of Santa María la Menor in Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic, is an older church building, the Cathedral of San Juan Bautista was the first cathedral church on the Western Hemisphere as San Juan, then known as the city of Puerto Rico, was the first diocese of the New World with bishop Don Alonso Manso in 1511.
The original cathedral in what was the city of Puerto Rico (changed to San Juan Bautista in 1521) was constructed from wood in 1521. It was destroyed by a hurricane and the current structure constructed in 1540, being reshaped in later centuries, the last time being in 1917.
The first school in Puerto Rico was the "Escuela de gramática" (Grammar School). The school was established by Bishop Alonso Manso in 1513, in the area where the cathedral would later be constructed. The school was free of charge and the courses taught were Latin language, literature, history, science, art, philosophy and theology.
The cathedral contains the tomb of the Spanish explorer and settlement founder Juan Ponce de León. It also has a shrine to the Blessed Carlos Manuel Rodríguez Santiago, the first Puerto Rican, the first Caribbean-born layperson in history to be beatified.
The first organist of the Cathedral of San Juan was the Canarian Domingo Crisanto Delgado Gómez who came from the island of Tenerife and managed to take this position in 1836, having been a composer in Cathedral Our Lady of Los Remedios of San Cristóbal de La Laguna in his native island.

Tris-buffered saline (abbreviated TBS) is a buffer used in some biochemical techniques to maintain the pH within a relatively narrow range. Tris (with HCl) has a slightly alkaline buffering capacity in the 7–9.2 range. The conjugate acid of Tris has a pK of 8.07 at 25 °C. The pK declines approximately 0.03 units per degree Celsius rise in temperature. This can lead to relatively dramatic pH shifts when there are shifts in solution temperature.
TBS has many uses because it is isotonic and non-toxic. It can be used to dilute substances. Additives can be used to add function.
TBS is often used in immuno-blotting for both membrane washing and antibody dilution. 
The following is a sample recipe for TBS:
Adjust pH with HCl to pH 7.6.
Note that concentration of tris and NaCl as well as the pH can vary, and the resulting solution would still be referred to as "TBS". Tris concentration (giving buffering capacity) can vary from 10 to 100 mM. As TBS is used to emulate physiological conditions (as in animal or human body), the pH value is slightly alkaline, ranging from 7.4 to 8.0. NaCl gives the isotonic (mostly used 150 mM NaCl corresponds to physiological conditions: 0.9% NaCl) or hypertonic (500mM NaCl) salt concentration. Additionally Tween 20 can also be added in order to use it as wash solution in immunoassays or to block. (TTBS or TBST)

Zhang Kangkang (born as Zhang Kangmei, July 3, 1950, Hangzhou) is a popular Chinese female writer, considered one of the most eminent writers of her generation.
She was born into a family of Communist intellectuals (her first name "Kang-Kang" means "resistance-resistance"), and belongs to the generation that was deeply affected by the Chinese Cultural Revolution.
She was one of the "educated city youths" who were sent to remote countryside to be "re-educated by the poor and lower-middle class peasants". They were destined to spend their lives as "peasants of a new type with a socialist consciousness".
At the age of nineteen, she was sent to the "Great Northern Wilderness", deep in Manchuria, where she faced a life of extreme harshness, marked by deprivation and bullying by the party cadres assigned to re-educate the new arrivals.
It wasn't until the death of Mao that she was finally allowed, after eight years, to come back to the city. She then resumed her studies and, in 1979, publishing her first significant work, "The Right to Love". The book is a reflection on freedom, and resistance to the forces that oppress the individual.
She is married to fellow writer Jiang Rong, who attained international fame with his 2004 novel "Wolf Totem".

Lake Chebarkul () is a lake in Chebarkulsky District, Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, on the slopes of the southern Urals. The town of Chebarkul lies on its eastern shore, and Chelyabinsk, the administrative center of Chelyabinsk Oblast, is located about to the northeast. The name of the lake, and the city of the same name, comes from Turkic and means "Beautiful, colorful lake."
Mostly fed by snowmelt from mountain streams, the lake freezes in November and stays icebound until April. The lake is the source of the Koelga River, which in turn flows into the Uvelka, Uy, Tobol, Irtysh, and Ob Rivers. The Ob finally empties into the Arctic Ocean.
There are several wooded islands, including Grachev, Golets, the Ribatskies, and Korablik Islands. The Krutik, Marin and Nazarychev peninsulas extend into the lake. Rest homes and sanatoria are located on the shores. Lake Chebarkul is the largest of several lakes in the region, which collectively take on the name "Chebarkulsky lakes."
Fish that can be found in the lake include tench, carp, crucian carp, bream, pike, and perch.
On 15 February 2013, local fishermen found a hole in the ice where a large fragment from the 2013 Russian meteor event likely struck the frozen lake. The hole was circular, and about across. Police immediately cordoned off this site, as well as one other possible impact site in the area of the lake, but scientists and interested people streamed to the area to investigate.
In the days after the impact, black fragments of rock were found around the hole, which scientists from Ural Federal University suspect are meteorite fragments, and composed of about 10% iron. Months later, divers found a large meteorite fragment on the lakebed, and it was dredged to the surface on October 16, 2013. This fragment weighed about .




Weapons used by the armies of ancient Rome.

Martin Russell Thayer (January 27, 1819 – October 14, 1906) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
His Grandnephew was John Borland Thayer, who died on the Sinking of the RMS Titanic.
Martin Russell Thayer was born in Dinwiddie County, Virginia, near the city limits of Petersburg, Virginia. He attended the Mount Pleasant Classical Institute in Amherst, Massachusetts, and Amherst College. He moved with his father to Philadelphia in 1837. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1840. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1842 and commenced practice in Philadelphia.
Thayer was a commissioner to revise the revenue laws of Pennsylvania in 1862. He was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Congresses, during which he served on the committee on the bankrupt law and was the chairman of the United States House Committee on Private Land Claims. He declined to be a candidate for re-election in 1866, and resumed the practice of law.
Thayer was judge of the district court of Philadelphia from 1867 to 1874, and served as president judge of the court of common pleas of Philadelphia from 1874 until his resignation in 1896. In 1873 he was appointed on the board of visitors to West Point, and wrote the report. (Some 40 years earlier, his cousin Sylvanus Thayer had been superintendent of West Point.) He was elected by the judges of the common pleas court prothonotary of Philadelphia in 1896. He also engaged in literary pursuits. He died in Philadelphia in 1906 and is buried in the churchyard of Church of St. James the Less in Philadelphia.

In the United States, a game show is a type of radio, television, or internet program in which contestants, television personalities or celebrities, sometimes as part of a team, play a game which involves answering trivia questions and/or solving puzzles, usually for money and/or prizes. Game shows are usually distinguishable from reality television competition shows, in which the competition consumes an entire season of episodes; in a game show, prizes can typically be won in a single match (in some cases, particularly in the ones that offer record-setting prizes, contestants can play multiple matches and accumulate a larger total).
Since the genre began, many shows have offered prizes of large sums of money to contestants; Teddy Nadler set the original monetary winnings record of $264,000 during his appearance on "The $64,000 Challenge" in 1957. Nadler was not surpassed until 1980, when Thom McKee won $312,700 on "Tic-Tac-Dough". In 1999, John Carpenter won $1,000,000 on "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", becoming the first person to win a seven-figure prize on an American game show. Since then, many players have gone on to win that amount and even surpassed it. As of 2015, Brad Rutter is the highest-earning American game show contestant of all time, having accumulated a total of $4,555,102. He succeeded Ken Jennings as the highest-earning contestant by virtue of his victory on May 16, 2014, in the "Jeopardy!" Battle of the Decades tournament.
Most daytime game show top prizes were limited to $25,000 during the 1960s and 1970s, a restriction made for both budgetary concerns and to assuage criticism from scandals that arose surrounding prime-time game shows in the 1950s. The single day record for shows in daytime television was set by Michael Larson in 1984, who won $110,237 () on "Press Your Luck". Larson achieved his record by memorizing the show's board patterns. He repeatedly hit the board's squares that awarded contestants money and an additional spin. That spin would in turn replace the spin he had just used, effectively allowing him to spin the board in the second round as long as wanted. Because of this, his game had to be split into two episodes (which aired June 8 and June 11, 1984), as his turn caused the game to go well over the show's half-hour allotted time. In 2003, Game Show Network produced a documentary about the event.
In 2006, Larson was succeeded by Vickyann Chrobak-Sadowski, who set the record by winning $147,517 on the 35th season premiere of "The Price Is Right" in 2006. Chrobak-Sadowski's record was later broken by Sheree Heil from her appearance on "The Price Is Right" in 2013. She won $170,345 in cash and prizes on the episode that aired December 30, 2013, including an Audi R8 won in the pricing game "Gas Money", $10,000 cash, and Prada shoes. 
On the October 28, 2016 episode of "The Price Is Right", which aired during Big Money Week, Christen Freeman won $210,000 in cash during a playing of Cliff Hangers. During the episode, game rules were modified to offer a top prize of $250,000, which was reduced by $10,000 for every step the mountain climber took. In addition to her One Bid prize and an additional $1,000 won during the Showcase Showdown, Freeman's grand total was $212,879, setting a new daytime record.
While the 1950s had multiple big winners (Herb Stempel and Charles Van Doren of "Twenty One" being two of the most notable), Teddy Nadler set the overall record during the 1956–57 television season, who set a record that would stand for the next two decades by winning $264,000 () on "The $64,000 Challenge". The quiz show scandals of 1958 and 1959 prompted the cancellation of most of the big-budget game shows and the imposition of strict limits on prize amounts, which meant that through the 1960s and 1970s, game show contestants could not match their 1950s counterparts.
It was not until 1980 that Nadler's record fell. During the summer of that year, a U.S. Naval officer named Thom McKee began a run on "Tic-Tac-Dough" that carried over into the following season. Since champions on "Tic Tac Dough" played until they were defeated, and games on the show could end in ties with the pot carrying over, McKee was able to keep building his total as long as he kept playing and winning. McKee won $312,700 () in cash and prizes in 43 games, which included eight cars (on "Tic Tac Dough" and its sister show, "The Joker's Wild", a contestant automatically won a car after every fifth game they won).
While McKee was the biggest solo winner until 1999, nine couples on "The $1,000,000 Chance of a Lifetime" won the show's top prize of $1,000,000 (), in a combination of prizes and a long-term annuity, during the show's run in syndication from January 1986 to September 1987. However, this program had no solo players.
In 1999, McKee was passed by Michael Shutterly, who was the biggest winner in the first airing of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" in the United States. Shutterly was the first contestant on the show to get to the 15th and final question, but elected to walk instead with $500,000 (), which made him the biggest winner in American game show history at the time. Shutterly had previously won $49,200 as a 4 day champion on "Jeopardy!" in 1988, making his career winnings total $549,200. 
During the second season of "Millionaire" in the United States, the show crowned its first million-dollar winner. On November 19, 1999, John Carpenter won the show's top prize without using any lifelines, save for a phone call on the final question to tell his father he was going to win the million dollars. After Carpenter answered the final question, which concerned Richard Nixon's appearance on "Laugh-In" in 1968, host Regis Philbin proclaimed Carpenter the show's (and worldwide format's) first top prize winner.
Carpenter's record remained intact until the following year. In early 2000, Rahim Oberholtzer, a contestant on the revival of "Twenty One", won four games in his appearances on the show, along with $120,000 in the show's "Perfect 21" bonus round, for a total of $1,120,000. For surpassing Carpenter's mark, host Maury Povich proclaimed Oberholtzer "the TV Game Show King."
Late in its run, the Fox show "Greed" brought back some of its previous winners to try for an extra $1,000,000. Curtis Warren, who was part of the first "team" to win $1,000,000 on the show (of which his share was $400,000, plus $10,000 for winning a terminator round), was one of the contestants brought back to do so on February 11, 2000. Warren was given a question about TV shows that had been made into movies, with eight choices (of which he had to identify the four correct answers). He successfully did so, giving himself $1,410,000 and the record for the time being.
Warren's record was even shorter lived than Oberholtzer's had been, lasting only four days. Three days before Warren's win, David Legler, who also appeared on NBC's "Twenty One", began a run as champion on the show. Four days after Warren's win, the run continued, with Legler having earned a grand total of $1,765,000 in six wins to surpass Warren's record and become the third contestant in two months to top $1,000,000 on a game show.
Legler held the record for well over a year. As 2000 ended and 2001 began, the producers of "Millionaire" decided that it had been too long (71 games over a five-month period) since their top prize had been won, and instituted an accumulating jackpot which added $10,000 to the grand prize amount for each game it was not won. Kevin Olmstead claimed the top prize on April 10, 2001, winning a jackpot of $2,180,000. Olmstead became the first contestant to top $2,000,000 in total winnings on a game show and supplanted Legler as the all-time leader.
In 2004, ABC launched an ultra high-stakes version of "Millionaire" entitled "Who Wants to Be a Super Millionaire", with a $10,000,000 top prize. Two separate "Super Millionaire" series aired, one in February and one in May of that year. However, despite the higher stakes and the potential for someone to top the all-time record for winnings, the largest prize awarded was $1,000,000 won by Robert Essig.
One week after "Super Millionaire" came to an end, Ken Jennings of Salt Lake City, Utah, became the new champion on "Jeopardy!" The episode, broadcast on June 2, 2004, was the first in a long winning streak for the software engineer, made possible due to a change at the beginning of that season (the show's twentieth on air in syndication), eliminating the longstanding rule limiting consecutive appearances for a champion to five. With no limit to his appearances, Jennings began to break many game show records. As his streak continued deeper into the 21st season, Jennings was inching closer and closer to Olmstead's record. Jennings topped Olmstead's "Millionaire" winnings with his 65th consecutive win, finishing the day with $45,099 and a new cumulative total of $2,197,000.
Jennings won nine more games before his streak came to an end on November 30, 2004. He had extended his record total to $2,520,700 at the time of his defeat, after which he was awarded an additional $2,000 for finishing in second place per "Jeopardy!" rules. Shortly after Jennings' defeat, "Jeopardy!" decided to see how he would fare in tournament play. On February 9, 2005, the show launched its Ultimate Tournament of Champions, inviting back 144 other past champions to compete over the next three months in a five-round single-elimination tournament with a $2,000,000 grand prize. The field included the highest-winning five-time champions and winners of some previous tournaments, though not all invitees were able to participate. Jennings received a bye into the finals of the tournament, where he faced semi-final winners Jerome Vered and Brad Rutter in a three-game, cumulative total match. Vered had set a single-day scoring record during his appearance on the show in 1992, while Rutter had won the 2001 Tournament of Champions and the 2002 Million Dollar Masters tournament and was the show's highest-earning contestant of all-time before Jennings.
In the tournament's three-day final, Rutter defeated Jennings and Vered to win the tournament and $2,000,000, and in the process he supplanted Jennings as the winningest all time American game show contestant. Including the $1.18 million he had won in his previous "Jeopardy!" appearances (five regular season games, a Tournament of Champions win, the Million Dollar Masters win, and three matches in the earlier rounds of the Ultimate Tournament of Champions), Rutter's total stood at $3,255,102, while Jennings was now second with $3,022,700 having gained an additional $500,000 for his second-place finish in the tournament.
Jennings slowly began to chip away at Rutter's record, first by winning $714.29 in 2006 as part of the Mob on NBC's "1 vs. 100". A year later, Jennings won the "Grand Slam" tournament on Game Show Network and the $100,000 top prize by defeating Ogi Ogas in the final round. Finally, on October 10, 2008, Jennings passed Rutter by winning $500,000 on "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?". He extended the record by winning $300,000 in The IBM Challenge, where he and Rutter took on IBM supercomputer Watson in a special 2011 "Jeopardy!" event. Rutter won $200,000 in the challenge, in which both he and Jennings pledged half of their winnings to charity. He then added $100,000 more later in 2011 when he appeared on "Million Dollar Mind Game", raising his total to $3,555,102, second only to Jennings' $3,923,414.29.
In 2014, Jennings and Rutter were both invited to play in the "Jeopardy!" Battle of the Decades, a tournament conducted by the producers of "Jeopardy!" to celebrate its thirtieth season in syndication. Both men advanced to the two-day tournament final with Roger Craig filling the third position. Needing a win to reclaim his record, Rutter took the top prize in the tournament after Jennings, who needed to answer the second day's Final Jeopardy clue correctly to win (after making a sufficient wager), failed to do so. Rutter won the top prize of $1,000,000 while Jennings won the $100,000 second prize.
Jennings later appeared on "Millionaire" in November 2014. Winning the top prize was the only way he could have reclaimed the record from Rutter; however, Jennings finished with only $100,000, leaving him in second place. Jennings later appeared on the ABC prime time show "500 Questions" in 2016; however, as he only lasted four questions, he was unable to add to his total.

The album includes "Namida", her own rendition of a song Nakajima originally wrote for Kiyoshi Maekawa. The song released as a single before the album came out was the first material which was co-produced by Ichizo Seo, who has been her long-term collaborator since then.
The album has commercially failed, although it debuted at the number-one on the Oricon Chart for the first time in 3 years.

Screenshot of Styx in game. 
Source: http://www.digger.org/styx/windmill.htm

The Australian Sports Medal was an award given during 2000 to recognise achievements in Australian sport.
Recipients of the award included competitors, coaches, sports scientists, office holders, and people who maintained sporting facilities and services. Over 18,000 medals were awarded.
The Prime Minister announced the creation of the Australian Sports Medal on 31 December 1998.
This commemorative medal was introduced to recognise Australian sporting achievements. The medal acknowledged a range of Australians who, in different ways, contributed to the nation’s sporting success. Recipients included former competitors, coaches, sports scientists, office holders, and people who maintain sporting facilities and services.
The Australian Sports Medal was formally established on 23 December 1999 by Letters Patent.
The Australian Sports Medal was awarded by the Governor-General.
Most of the medals were presented to people following their nomination by the sports community. Peak sports bodies recognised or funded by the Australian Sports Commission were given quotas according to a formula based on the number of their registered competitors. All Australian parliamentarians could make nominations.
The medals were progressively awarded during the year 2000.
The Australian Sports Medal does not carry a post-nominal entitlement.
The Australian Sports Medal has been awarded to various notable sportsmen and women and among them are:

Gabriel Strobl (3 November 1846 in Unzmarkt, Styria, Austrian Empire – 15 March 1925 in Admont, Benediktinerstift) was an Austrian Roman Catholic priest and entomologist who specialised in Diptera.
In 1866 the then 20-year-old Gabriel Strobl became a Roman Catholic priest monk ("Pater") at the Benedictine monastery Admont Abbey (Stift Admont). A devastating Monastery fire in 1865 had destroyed the Natural History Cabinet (a museum) and its contents which had included Joseph Stammel’s Universe. He was entrusted by Abbot Karlmann Hieber (served 1861-1868) with rebuilding the Natural History Museum. In 44 years of work - until his stroke in 1910 - Gabriel Strobl built up the Museum anew. In his first 12 years of work, he devoted himself principally to botany, before dedicating himself completely to entomology for the following 32 years. Although his published work is mainly on Diptera he also worked on Hymenoptera and Coleoptera of the Balkan peninsula which was partially ruled by Austria-Hungary until 1918.
On Diptera:
On Hymenoptera:
Strobl’s Diptera and Coleoptera (excepting exotic, i.e. Non-European species) are in the Natural History museum at Admont Abbey (Stift Admont) as well as are all his Lepidoptera. The exotic Coleoptera and Cicadidae, and all the Hymenoptera are in Landesmuseum Joanneum (Joanneum National Museum) in Graz. The Syrphidae via H. R. Meyer are in the Hessisches Landesmuseum in Darmstadt.

Taft Stettinius & Hollister, commonly known as "Taft", is a major law firm with offices in Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Dayton and Delaware, Ohio; Chicago, Illinois; Indianapolis, Indiana; Covington, Kentucky; Ann Arbor, Michigan; and Phoenix, Arizona.
Taft traces its roots back to 1885, when Worthington & Strong was founded by Judge William Worthington and Edward W. Strong. John L. Stettinius and John B. Hollister joined the firm after its founding, at which point the firm became known as Worthington, Strong, Stettinius & Hollister. In January 1923, Judge Worthington died. In the following year, a young firm headed by Robert A. Taft and Charles P. Taft II, sons of former President William Howard Taft, joined the older firm to become Taft Stettinius & Hollister LLP.
The firm's labor department, led by J. Mack Swigert, was instrumental in helping Senator Robert Taft draft and pass the groundbreaking Taft-Hartley Act in 1947.
Since the 1980s, the firm's expansion beyond Cincinnati has been accomplished with the aid of strategic mergers with local firms with its various branch offices, including Kelley, McCann, and Livingston of Cleveland in 2001, Sommer Barnard of Indianapolis in 2008, Kahn Kleinman of Cleveland in 2008, Chester, Wilcox, and Saxbe of Columbus in 2012, and Shefsky and Froehlich of Chicago in 2014.
The firm's practice areas include business and finance, business restructuring, bankruptcy and creditor rights, domestic relations, employment, environmental, gaming, government contracts, health and life sciences, higher education, intellectual property, labor relations, litigation, pharmaceutical and life sciences litigation, private client, public finance, real estate, tax, technology services and more. Taft employs more than 400 attorneys.

Ruth Elizabeth Moss Easterling (December 26, 1910 – November 1, 2006) was a Democratic member of the North Carolina House of Representatives for thirteen terms. She was born December 26, 1910 in Gaffney, South Carolina. She was an alumnus of Limestone College and Appalachian State University.
After serving on the city council of Charlotte, Easterling was first elected to the legislature in 1976, at age 65. She retired in 2002 at age 92.
Easterling died on November 1, 2006 at age 95, of congestive heart failure.

The Chinese Taipei women's national volleyball team is the women's national volleyball team of Republic of China (Taiwan). (See "Chinese Taipei" for team naming issue) Controlled by Chinese Taipei Volleyball Association, it represents the country in international competitions and friendly matches. 
After 16 years since 1990, Chinese Taipei women's national volleyball team re-entered FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship in 2006. To everyone's surprise, the 23-ranked team gained their first-ever victory over the host Japan (7th) on the opening day, followed by defeated South Korea (8th), Poland (9th), Kenya (11th), and Costa Rica (33rd) in the first round. However, after a good start of five consecutive victories, the team could not continue their impressing form and eventually took the 12th place. 
In December, the same squad attended the 2006 Asian Games held in Doha, Qatar. Although the team lost to South Korea and China in the preliminary round, they later beat Kazakhstan and Thailand and won the bronze medal, the first ever medal in women's volleyball at Asian Games.
As of May 2015 Asian Women's Volleyball Championship 

Brad Hunt is an American actor , singer and songwriter, born in Moberly, Missouri. 

Power.org is an organization whose purpose is to develop, enable and promote Power Architecture technology. The objective is to establish open standards, guidelines, best practices and certifications regarding Power Architecture, as well as drive adoption of the platform.
Power.org was founded in 2004 by IBM, and 15 other companies joined as members the day the site http://power.org was created. Freescale (later bought by NXP Semiconductors) joined in 2006 as an honorary founding member and was given similar status as IBM. Power.org have over 40 paying members, corporations, governmental and educational institutions, and over 10.000 developers.
Power.org consists of a Board of Directors which consists of founding members and others. Several committees and subcommittees govern and manage the organization's goals, projects and responsibilities. Members have no veto rights in the decision processes of what defines the Power Architecture. This is IBM's and Freescale's responsibility.
Power.org has a tiered membership model, with four levels: Founder, Sponsor, Participant, Associate and Developer. Developer membership is free for anyone.
Not a complete list:

 I have contributing to Wikipedia since Memorial Day weekend of 2006 and I am not trying to become an administrator. I just want to do my articles better and I would like a review on how my edits can be better 14:22, 2 November 2006 (UTC)
 Comments 
 Questions
I have had only very little contact with Miller17CU94 but have found this user extremely diplomatic and easy to work with. -- 14:21, 21 November 2006 (UTC)

"Tonight" is a popular song with music written by Leonard Bernstein and the lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and was published in 1956.
It was introduced in the Broadway musical "West Side Story." The movie version, featuring vocals by Marni Nixon (dubbing Natalie Wood) and Jimmy Bryant (dubbing Richard Beymer), finished at #59 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema.
The song was revived in 1961 on single records in versions by Ferrante & Teicher (#8 pop, #2 easy listening) and Eddie Fisher, whose version narrowly missed the Top 40. Shirley Bassey recorded the song in 1962, where it peaked at #21 on the UK charts, becoming the only recording of this song to chart on the UK charts. Jay and the Americans also released a cover version of the song. Andy Williams released a version on his 1962 album, "Moon River and Other Great Movie Themes". Sergio Franchi recorded the song in his 1963 RCA Records Red Seal album, "Broadway, I Love You". We Five released the song on their 1966 album, "You Were on My Mind".
Many of the pieces in "West Side Story" experiment with different melodic tricks. This song is notable for its prominent perfect fourth intervals, and a theme that starts on a pentatonic scale but develops into a western key.
Gloria Gaynor released a disco version in 1980. Jenna Ushkowitz sang the song on "Glee", on the episode "Preggers". Tonight was featured again in the fifth episode of the third season of the show, "The First Time," this time sung by Lea Michele and Darren Criss.
Billy Eckstine recorded the song in 1961 with Hal Mooney And His Orchestra. 
Gloria Estefan recorded the song with Dave Grusin from the album "Dave Grusin Presents West Side Story" (1997).

Prashar Lake lies 49 km north of Mandi, Himachal Pradesh, India, with a three storied pagoda-like temple dedicated to the sage Prashar. The lake is located at a height of 2730 m above sea level. With deep blue waters, the lake is held sacred to the sage Prashar and he is regarded to have meditated there. Surrounded by snow-capped peaks and looking down on the fast flowing river Beas, the lake can be approached via Drang.
The temple was built in the thirteenth century and legend has it was built by a baby from a single tree. The lake has a floating island in it and it is said to be unclear how deep it is, with a diver not being able to determine its depth.
Mythology says that this lake was formed by Pandawas when they were on their way after Mahabharata with Deity Kamrunag (based on which this entire valley is known as Kamru Valley today) to find best place for their teacher, Dev Kamrunag and Deity love the isolation of this place so much that he decided to stay here for the rest of his life. On his request, Bheem one of the Pandava brothers formed the lake by pushing his elbow and forearm on the peak of the mountain. And that is the reason believed by locals after oval-shaped lake with depth unknown. Many a time in storms an almost 30-meter-tall cedar tree would fall into the lake to disappear.
Today people from all faiths come here. As an offering people throw money, silver coins and gold into the water. 
This place is available for visitors throughout the year except for winter months, i.e. Dec. through March. Now with increased visitors there are few hotels available with basic facilities with reasonable price. 03 hrs (106 km) trek from Rohanda to Kamrunag Lake.
The place is full of peace, with old images of Gods and Saint Prashar. The unique thing about this lake is that there is a patch of grass which moves from one end to the other. In the summer it is at one end and in winter it touches the other end. The pujari or the priest of the temple is not a brahmin but a Rajput. They say one of the kings was unhappy with the local priest so he appointed a Rajput priest to display his powers.

Bitter Tongues is Ann Beretta's 1998 Record on Fueled by Ramen Records, re-released in 2000.

Watson Chapel is a neighborhood in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. It is located at the fork of Highway 79 (Camden Road) and Highway 54 (Sulphur Springs Road), directly southwest of downtown Pine Bluff.
Watson Chapel was once a frontier town named after Methodist minister Benjamin Watson, who settled in nearby Sulphur Springs in the 1870s. Watson later converted to Presbyterianism and founded a church and school which were named Watson's Chapel. On April 5, 1880, the school district was formed, with the school still meeting in Rev. Watson’s church until a separate school building was erected in 1898. 
Watson Chapel is served by the Watson Chapel School District, including Watson Chapel High School.
The Pine Bluff-Jefferson County Library System operates the Watson Chapel Dave Burdick Library, near the high school and along U.S. Highway 79. Its namesake is a man who served as a library director from 1991 until 2012.


Amelia Engelder Collins (June 7, 1873 – January 1, 1962) was a prominent American Bahá'í from a Lutheran family. She became Bahá'í in 1919. She made large donations to several Bahá'í projects in Haifa, Israel, such as to the building of the Western Pilgrim House, the superstructure of the Shrine of the Báb the International Archives building and the purchasing of the land for the future Bahá'í House of Worship on Mount Carmel. 
She was appointed a Hand of the Cause and vice-president of the International Bahá'í Council by Shoghi Effendi in 1951.


Sir Henry Cooper School was a coeducational, secondary school located on Thorpepark Road in Orchard Park Estate, Kingston upon Hull, England. On the school ground is the North Site of the Hull City Learning Centre, no longer part of the City Learning Centres, in the school Information Technology building.
In 1854 Sir Henry Cooper was elected Mayor of Hull and, on the occasion of the visit of Queen Victoria in October of that year, he received a Knighthood. He became a member and first Chairman of the Hull School Board in 1871. When the Board Schools opened in 1876 at Bean Street, Hull, they were named the 'Sir Henry Cooper Schools' and, following their closure, the name was transferred to this school when it opened in September 1967.
Sir Henry Cooper School closed in 2012, with pupils transferring to the newly built Thomas Ferens Academy. The building of the academy, sponsored by the University of Hull, met local opposition, with concerns that construction could cause "flooding, traffic problems and loss of green space". The school was renamed Sirius Academy North in 2015.
From September 2012 to September 2013 the school site was the temporary home of Newland School for Girls, while its own buildings were reconstructed.

Lebanon High School can refer to more than one educational institution in the United States:

Westside Secondary School is a public high school located in Orangeville, Ontario, Canada that opened on November 25, 1999. The current population is about 990 students.

WQUT (101.5 FM) is a radio station in Tri-Cities, Tennessee. The station format is classic rock and is branded as "Tri-Cities Classic Rock 101.5 WQUT." As of the Fall 2008 Arbitron ratings book, WQUT is the third highest rated station in the Tri-Cities (Johnson City, Tennessee - Kingsport, Tennessee - Bristol Tennessee/Virginia) market (adults 12+) behind country music station WXBQ-FM and adult contemporary WTFM-FM. Since the early 1990s, WQUT and WTFM have fought for the number two spot in the market, with WXBQ rated the overall number one station since 1993.
WQUT is the flagship station of Cumulus Media Tri-Cities and began broadcasting in 1948 as WJHL-FM at 101.5 Megahertz. In 1960, the call letters changed to WJCW-FM and its effective radiated power became 100,000 watts in 1973 from its antenna on Buffalo Mountain in Johnson City, Tennessee. 
WQUT carries the “John Boy and Billy Big Show” from 6:00 to 10:00 AM Monday through Saturday (a syndicated show carried on many southeastern U.S. stations). Specialty shows include the Tennessee Midnight Rambler Show (heard the last Saturday of the month), Flashback with Bill St. James and House of Hair with Dee Snider, both on every Sunday night beginning at 6pm. Its sister stations are WKOS, WJCW (which signed on in 1938), WGOC, and WXSM.
WQUT is home to the radiothons for Ronald McDonald House and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital and is involved in community activities throughout the Tri-Cities market.
WQUT owns a translator in Boone, North Carolina (W285DG) on 104.9 FM, and is located at the Fire Tower where Boone's communication towers are located. Previously, WQUT licensed translators in Lenoir, North Carolina (W232AV) on 94.3 FM and in Hazard, Kentucky (W244BW) on 96.7 FM. The Lenoir translator switched to simulcasting WCQR-FM from Kingsport in the early-2000s, and the Hazard translator switched to simulcasting WZLK from Virgie, Kentucky in the late-2000s.

Stones007

KSEK may refer to:

Solomon Newton Pettis (October 10, 1827 – September 18, 1900) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
S. Newton Pettis was born in Lenox, Ohio. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1848 and commenced practice in Meadville, Pennsylvania. He was a delegate to the 1860 Republican National Convention.
He served as associate justice of the Territory of Colorado in 1861 and 1862. He returned to Meadville and continued the practice law.
Pettis was elected as a Republican to the Fortieth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Darwin A. Finney. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1868. He resumed the practice of law in Meadville.
Pettis was appointed Minister to Bolivia September 4, 1878, and served until November 1, 1879. He was again engaged in the practice of law until his death in Meadville in 1900. Interment in Greendale Cemetery.

Soroni (Σορωνή) is a small village on the island of Rhodes, Greece, on the northwest coast of the island (36°21'45.81"N, 28° 0'5.80"E). It was the seat of the former municipality of Kameiros (Κάμειρος). Its population was 1,278 at the 2011 census. The island's main power plant is located just outside the village. 
There are 4 very active organizations: 
The Cultural and Folklore Association of Soroni Rhodes “Ampernalli” (ampernos= the oak tree),
The Athletic Association of Soroni Rhodes "Efklis"
The Athletic Association of Soroni Rhodes "Ages Kameiros 2009"
The Environment Association of Soroni Rhodes.
The most popular religious festival on the island is held at the chapel 'Agios Sylas' outside the village on the chapel's saint's day, every 20 to 30 of July. 
The village is situated 24 km from the city of Rhodes.

